                                            Bucks for Buckets (B4B): Active Defenses Against
                                                          Stealing Encoders


                                                         Jan Dubiński 1,2∗ † Stanisław Pawlak 1† Franziska Boenisch 4†
                                                                    Tomasz Trzciński 1,2,3 Adam Dziedzic 4∗‡
                                                             1
                                                                 Warsaw University of Technology 2 IDEAS NCBR 3 Tooploox




arXiv:2310.08571v2 [cs.LG] 3 Nov 2023
                                                                      4
                                                                        CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security


                                                                                       Abstract
                                                   Machine Learning as a Service (MLaaS) APIs provide ready-to-use and high-
                                                   utility encoders that generate vector representations for given inputs. Since these
                                                   encoders are very costly to train, they become lucrative targets for model stealing
                                                   attacks during which an adversary leverages query access to the API to replicate
                                                   the encoder locally at a fraction of the original training costs. We propose Bucks
                                                   for Buckets (B4B), the first active defense that prevents stealing while the attack is
                                                   happening without degrading representation quality for legitimate API users. Our
                                                   defense relies on the observation that the representations returned to adversaries
                                                   who try to steal the encoder’s functionality cover a significantly larger fraction
                                                   of the embedding space than representations of legitimate users who utilize the
                                                   encoder to solve a particular downstream task. B4B leverages this to adaptively
                                                   adjust the utility of the returned representations according to a user’s coverage of
                                                   the embedding space. To prevent adaptive adversaries from eluding our defense by
                                                   simply creating multiple user accounts (sybils), B4B also individually transforms
                                                   each user’s representations. This prevents the adversary from directly aggregating
                                                   representations over multiple accounts to create their stolen encoder copy. Our
                                                   active defense opens a new path towards securely sharing and democratizing
                                                   encoders over public APIs.


                                        1       Introduction

                                        In model stealing attacks, adversaries extract a machine learning model exposed via a public API by
                                        repeatedly querying it and updating their own stolen copy based on the obtained responses. Model
                                        stealing was shown to be one of the main threats to the security of machine learning models in prac-
                                        tice [38]. Also in research, since the introduction of the first extraction attack against classifiers [40],
                                        a lot of work on improving stealing [27, 33, 40, 41], extending it to different model types [8, 37],
                                        and proposing adequate defenses [18, 25, 26, 31] has been put forward. With the recent shift in
                                        learning paradigms from supervised to self supervised learning (SSL), especially the need for new
                                        defenses becomes increasingly pressing. From an academic viewpoint, the urge arises because it
                                        was shown that SSL models (encoders) are even more vulnerable to model stealing [16, 29, 36] than
                                        their supervised counterparts. This is because whereas supervised models’ output is low dimensional,
                                        e.g., per-class probabilities or pure labels, SSL encoders output high-dimensional representation
                                        vectors that encode a larger amount of information and thereby facilitate stealing. In addition, from
                                        a practical industry’s viewpoint, defenses are required since many popular API providers, such as
                                        Cohere, OpenAI, or Clarify [1–3] already expose their high-value SSL encoders via APIs to a broad
                                        range of users.
                                            ∗
                                              Corresponding authors: jan.dubinski.dokt@pw.edu.pl and adam.dziedzic@cispa.de
                                            †
                                              Equal contribution.
                                            ‡
                                              Project Lead.


                                        37th Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS 2023).
                                  COVERAGE ESTIMATION                         COST FUNCTION                 TRANSFORMATIONS

     DEFENSE FRAMEWORK
                                                                                                               Affine

                                                                Cost                                        Pad + Shuffle

     DEFENSE INSTANTIATION                                                                                  Affine + Pad +Shuffle
                                                                              Embedding space                  Binary
                                                                                 occupied

                                                                        a             n            b       b                   c
                             a
                                                                       0.7           0.01        0.71    0.71                1.42
                                                                                                                        x2
      API call
                         0.7              a
                                                      101              -0.2         -0.06        -0.26   -0.26               -0.52
                         -0.2



                                              Embedding space          0.3           0.11        0.41    0.41                0.82
                         0.3

                                 LOCAL SENSITIVE HASHING                      ADAPTIVE NOISING            TRANSFORMATIONS




Figure 1: Overview of B4B. In the upper part, we present our B4B framework that consists of three
modular building blocks: (1) A coverage estimation to track the fraction of embedding space covered
by the representations returned to each user, (2) a cost function that serves to map the coverage to a
concrete penalty to prevent stealing, and (3) per-user transformations that are applied to the returned
representations to prevent sybil attacks. In the lower part, we present a concrete instantiation of
B4B and the operation flow of our defense: 1 The API calculates representations for the incoming
queries. 2 We instantiate the coverage estimation with local sensitive hashing and estimate the
covered space as the fraction of hash buckets occupied. We calibrate the costs by adding noise to the
representations according to the coverage. 3 We apply a set of transformations on a per-user basis.
 4 The noised and transformed representations are returned to the user.



Most of the current defenses against encoder stealing are reactive, i.e., they do not actively prevent
the stealing but rather aim at detecting it by adding watermarks to the encoder [14, 16] or performing
dataset inference to identify stolen copies [17]. Since at the point of detection, the damage of stealing
has already been inflicted, we argue that reactive defenses intervene too late and we advocate for
active defenses that prevent stealing while it is happening. Yet, active defenses are challenging to
implement because they not only need to prevent stealing but also should preserve the utility of
representations for legitimate users. The only existing active defense against encoder stealing [29]
falls short on this latter aspect since it significantly degrades the quality of representations for all
users.
To close the gap between required and existing defenses, we propose Bucks for Buckets (B4B), the
first active defense against encoder stealing that does not harm utility for legitimate users. B4B
leverages the observation that the representations returned to adversaries who try to steal the encoder’s
functionality cover a significantly larger fraction of the full embedding space than representations
of legitimate users who utilize the encoder to solve a particular downstream task. To turn this
observation into a practical defense, B4B is equipped with three modular building blocks: (1) The
first building block is a tracking mechanism that continuously estimates the fraction of the embedding
space covered by the representations returned to each user. The intuition why this is relevant is that
by covering large fractions of the embedding space, the representations will suffice for an adversary
to reproduce the encoder’s functionality, i.e., to successfully steal it. (2) B4B’s second building
block consists of a cost function to translate the covered fraction of the embedding space into a
concrete penalty. We require this cost function to significantly penalize adversaries trying to steal the
model while having only a minimal effect on legitimate users. (3) The third building block contains
transformations that can be applied to the representations on a per-user basis to prevent adaptive
attackers from circumventing our defense by creating multiple user accounts (sybils) and distributing
their queries over these accounts such that they minimize the overall cost. We present the different
building blocks of B4B in Figure 1.
While B4B’s modularity enables different instantiations of the three building blocks, we propose
a concrete end-to-end instantiation to showcase the practicability of our approach. To implement
tracking of the covered embedding space, we employ local sensitive hashing that maps any represen-
tation returned to a given user into a set of hash buckets. We base our cost function (i.e., the "bucks")
on utility and make B4B add noise to the representations with a magnitude that increases with the
number of buckets occupied by the given user. While the scale of noise added to legitimate users’


                                                                2
representations does not harm their downstream performance due to their small embedding space
coverage, the representations returned to an adversary become increasingly noisy—significantly
degrading the performance of their stolen encoder. Finally, we rely on a set of transformations
(e.g., affine transformations, shuffling, padding) that preserve downstream utility [17]. While, as a
consequence, legitimate users remain unaffected by these transformations, adversaries cannot directly
combine the representations obtained through different sybil accounts anymore to train their stolen
copy of the encoder. Instead, they first have to remap all representations into the same embedding
space, which we show causes both query and computation overhead and still reduces the performance
of the stolen encoder.
In summary, we make the following contributions:

1. We present B4B, the first active defense against encoder stealing that does not harm legitimate
   users’ downstream performance. B4B’s three building blocks enable penalizing adversaries whose
   returned representations cover large fractions of the embedding space and prevent sybil attacks.
2. We propose a concrete instantiation of B4B that relies on local sensitive hashing and decreases the
   quality of representations returned to a user once their representations fill too many hash buckets.
3. We provide an end-to-end evaluation of our defense to highlight its effectiveness in offering high
   utility representations for legitimate users and degrading the performance of stolen encoders in
   both the single and the sybil-accounts setup.

2   Related Work
Model Extraction Attacks. The goal of the model extraction attacks is to replicate the functionality
of a victim model fv trained on a dataset Dv . An attacker has a black box access to the victim model
and uses a stealing dataset Ds = {qi , fv (qi )}ni=1 , consisting of queries qi and the corresponding
outputs fv (qi ) returned by the victim model, to train a stolen model fs . Model extraction attacks
have been shown against various types of models including classifiers [24, 40] and encoders [16, 36].
Self Supervised Learning and Encoders. SSL is an increasingly popular machine learning
paradigm. It trains encoder models to generate representations from complex inputs without relying
on explicit labels. These representations encode useful features of a given input, enabling efficient
learning for multiple downstream tasks. Many SSL frameworks have been proposed [9, 10, 12, 22,
23, 44]. In our work, we focus on the two popular SSL vision encoders, namely SimSiam [12] and
DINO [9], which return high-quality representations that achieve state-of-the-art performance on
downstream tasks when assessed by training a linear classifier directly on representations. SimSiam
trains with two Siamese encoders with directly shared weights. A prediction MLP head is applied to
one of the encoders f1 , and the other encoder f2 has a stop-gradient, where both operations are used
for avoiding collapsing solutions. In contrast, DINO shares only architecture (not weights) between
a student f1 and a teacher model f2 , also with the stop-gradient operation, but not the prediction
head. While SimSiam uses convolutional neural networks (CNNs), DINO also employs vision
transformers (ViTs). Both frameworks use a symmetrized loss of the form 12 g(f1 (x1 ), f2 (x2 )) +
1
2 g(f1 (x2 ), f2 (x1 )) in their optimization objectives, where g(·, ·) is negative cosine similarity for
SimSiam and cross-entropy for DINO. SimSiam and DINO’s similarities and differences demonstrate
our method’s broad applicability across SSL frameworks. More details can be found in Appendix E.
Stealing Encoders. The stealing of SSL encoders was shown to be extremely effective [16, 29, 36].
The goal of extracting encoders is to maximize the similarity of the outputs from the stolen local copy
and the original representations output by the victim encoder. Therefore, while training the stolen
copy, the adversary either imitates a self-supervised training using a contrastive loss function, e.g.,
InfoNCE [10] or SoftNN [21] or directly matches both models’ representations via the Mean Squared
Error (MSE) loss. To reduce the number of queries sent to the victim encoder, the attack proposed
in [29] leverages the key observation that the victim encoder returns similar representations for any
image and its augmented versions. Therefore, a given image can be sent to the victim while the
stolen copy is trained using many augmentations of this image, where the representation of a given
augmented image is approximated as the one of the original image produced by the victim encoder.
Defending Encoders. Recently, watermarking [7, 25, 42] methods have been proposed to detect
stolen encoders [14, 16, 43]. Many of these approaches use downstream tasks to check if a watermark
embedded into a victim encoder is present in a suspect encoder. Dataset inference [30] is another type


                                                   3
of encoder ownership resolution. It uses the victim’s training dataset as a unique signature, leveraging
the following observation: for a victim encoder trained on its private data as well as for its stolen
copies, the distribution of the representations generated from the victim’s training data differs from
the distribution of the representations generated on the test data. In contrast, for an independently
trained encoder, these two distributions cannot be distinguished, allowing the detection of stolen
copies [17]. However, all the previous methods are reactive and aim at detecting the stolen encoder
instead of actively preventing the attack. The only preliminary active defenses for encoders were
proposed by [16, 29]. They either perturb or truncate the answers to poison the training objective of
an attacker. These operations were shown to harm substantially the performance of legitimate users,
which renders the defense impractical. In contrast, our B4B has negligible impact on the quality of
representations returned to legitimate users.

3     Actively Defending against Model Stealing with B4B
B4B aims at actively preventing model stealing while preserving high-utility representations for
legitimate users. Before introducing the three main building blocks of B4B, namely (1) the estimation
of embedding space coverage, (2) the cost function, and (3) the transformation of representations
(see Figure 1), we detail our threat model and the observation on embedding space coverage that
represents the intuition behind our approach.

3.1   Threat Model and Intuition

Our setup and the resulting threat model are inspired by public APIs, such as Cohere, OpenAI, or
Clarify [1–3] that expose encoders to users through a pre-defined interface. These encoders are trained
using SSL on large amounts of unlabeled data, often crawled from the internet, and therefore from
diverse distributions. We notice that to provide rich representations to multiple users, the training
dataset of the encoder needs to be significantly more diverse than the individual downstream tasks
that the users query for representations. For instance, if the encoder behind the API is trained on the
ImageNet dataset, then the legitimate users are expected to query the API for downstream tasks, such
as CIFAR10 or SVHN. Similarly, if the encoder is trained on CIFAR10, the expected downstream
tasks are MNIST or Fashion MNIST. Yet, in the design of our defense, we consider adversaries who
can query the encoder with arbitrary inputs to obtain high-dimensional representation vectors from
the encoder. Our defense is independent of the protected encoder’s architecture and does not rely on
any assumption about the adversary’s data and query strategy.
We argue that even in this restricted setup, our defense can
distinguish between adversaries and legitimate users by ana-
lyzing the distribution of representations returned to them. In     0.10
Figure 2, by using PCA to project representations for different
datasets to a two-dimensional space, we visualize that repre-
                                                                    0.05
sentations for different downstream tasks cluster in disjoint
and small sub-spaces of the full embedding space. The repre-
sentations were obtained from a SimSiam encoder originally          0.00
trained on ImageNet (we observe similar clustering for DINO
shown in Appendix F). As a result, legitimate users can be          0.05
characterized by their representations’ small coverage of the                0.05 0.00 0.05 0.10
embedding space. In contrast, the adversary does not aim at
solving a particular downstream task. They instead would Figure 2: Representations from
want to obtain representations that cover large fractions of Different Tasks Occupy Differ-
the embedding space. This enables reproducing the overall ent Sub-Spaces of the Embedding
functionality of the encoder (instead of only learning some Space. Presented for Fashion-
local task-specific behavior). Indeed, it has been empirically MNIST, SVHN, CIFAR10, and
shown by prior work, such as [16], that stealing with multiple STL10.
distributions, e.g., by relying on the complex ImageNet dataset, yields higher performance of the
stolen encoder on various downstream tasks than stealing with a downstream dataset, such as CI-
FAR10. As a result, intuitively, we can identify and penalize adversaries based on their coverage of
the embedding space, which will be significantly larger than the coverage of legitimate users. We
leverage this intuition to build our B4B defense and present our three main building blocks in the
following sections.


                                                   4
3.2   Building Block 1: Coverage Estimation of the Embedding Space

The first building block of our B4B serves to estimate and continuously keep track of the fraction of
the embedding space occupied by any given user. Let E denote our embedding space of dimension s,
further, let U be a user with a query dataset D = q1 , . . . , qn ∈ D and let fv : D → E be our protected
victim encoder that maps data points from the input to the embedding space. Assume user U has,
so far, queried a subset of their data points q1 , . . . , qj with j ≤ n to the encoder and obtained the
representations r1 , . . . , rj with each ri ∈ Rs . We aim to estimate the true fraction of the embedding
space EfU that is covered by all returned representations r1 , . . . , rj to user U and denote our estimate
by ẼfU .

Local Sensitive Hashing. One of the methods to approximate the occupied space by representations
returned to a given user is via Local Sensitive Hashing (LSH) [39]. We rely on this approach for
the concrete instantiation of our B4B and use it to track per-user coverage of the embedding space.
Standard (cryptographic) hash functions are characterized by high dispersion such that hash collisions
are minimized. In contrast, LSH hashes similar data points into the same or proximal, so-called hash
buckets. This functionality is desired when dealing with searches in high-dimensional spaces or with a
large number of data points. Formally, an LSH function H is defined for a metric space M = (M, d),
where d is a distance metric in space M , with a given threshold T > 0, approximation factors f > 1,
and probabilities P1 and P2 , where P1 ≫ P2 . H maps elements of the metric space to buckets
b ∈ B and satisfies the following conditions for any two points q1 , q2 ∈ M : (1) If d(q1 , q2 ) ≤ T ,
then H(q1 ) = H(q2 ) (i.e., q1 and q2 collide in the same bucket b) with probability at least P1 . (2) If
d(q1 , q2 ) ≥ f T , then H(q1 ) = H(q2 ) with probability at most P2 .

3.3   Building Block 2: Cost Function Design

Once we can estimate the coverage of an embedding space for a given user U as ẼfU , we need to design
a cost function C : R+ → R+ that maps from the estimated coverage to a cost. The cost function
needs to be designed such that it does not significantly penalize legitimate users while imposing a
severe penalty on adversaries to effectively prevent the encoder from being stolen. The semantics of
the cost function’s range depend on the type of costs that the defender wants to enforce. We discuss a
broad range of options in Appendix C. These include monetary cost functions to adaptively charge
users on a batch-query basis depending on their current coverage, costs in the form of additional
computation that users need to perform in order to obtain their representations, similar to the proof of
work in [18], costs in the form of delay in the interaction with the encoder behind the API [4], or
costs in form of disk space that needs to be reserved by the user (similar to a proof of space [19, 20]).
Which type of cost function is most adequate depends on the defender’s objective and setup.

Exponential Cost Functions to Adjust Utility of Representations. In the concrete instantiation
of B4B that we present in this work, we rely on costs in the form of the utility of the returned
representations. We choose this concrete instantiation because it is intuitive, effective, and can be
directly experimentally assessed. Moreover, it is even suitable for public APIs where, for example,
no monetary costs are applicable. We adjust utility by adding Gaussian noise with different standard
deviation σ to the returned representations. Since we do not want to penalize legitimate users with
small coverage but make stealing for adversaries with growing coverage increasingly prohibitive, we
instantiate an exponential cost function that maps from the fraction of hash buckets occupied by the
user to a value for σ. We choose the general form of this function as
                                                           α   U      −1
                              fλ,α,β (ẼfU ) = λ × (expln λ ×Ẽf ×β        −1)                         (1)

where λ < 1 compresses the curve of the function to obtain low function values for small fractions
of occupied buckets, and then we set a target penalty α for our cost function at a specified fraction
of filled buckets β. For instance, if we want to enforce a σ of 5 at 90% of filled buckets (i.e., for
ẼfU = 0.9), we would need to set α = 5 and β = 0.9.

3.4   Building Block 3: Per-User Representation Transformations against Sybil Attacks

Given that our defense discourages users from querying with a wide variety of data points from
different distributions, an adversary could create multiple fake user accounts (sybils) and query


                                                    5
different data subsets with more uniform representations from each of these accounts. By combining
all the obtained representations and using them to train a stolen copy, the adversary could overcome
the increased costs of stealing. To defend against such sybil attacks, we propose individually
transforming the representations on a per-user level before returning them. As a result, the adversary
would first have to map all the representations to one single unified space before being able to jointly
leverage the representations from different accounts for their stolen copy.
Formally, for a given query qi , the protected victim encoder produces a representation ri = fv (qi ),
which is transformed by a user-specific transformation TU (ri ) before being returned to the querying
user U . For a new user U , the defense randomly selects the transformation TU from all possible
choices. Note that the randomness is also added on a per-transformation basis, instead of only on
the level of selecting the transformations. For example, a permutation of the elements in the output
representations should be different for each user.
We formulate two concrete requirements for the transformations. First, they should preserve utility
for legitimate users on their downstream tasks, and second, they should be costly to reverse for an
adversary.


Utility Preserving Transformations. As a concrete instantiation for our B4B, we propose a set of
transformations that fulfill the above-mentioned two requirements: (1) Affine where we apply affine
transformations to representations, (2) Pad where we pad representations with constant values, (3)
Add where we add constant values at random positions within representations, (4) Shuffle where we
shuffle the elements in the representation vectors, and (5) Binary where the original representations
are mapped to binary vectors relying on a random partitioning of the representation space. To
preserve the full amount of information contained in the original representations, in our binary
transformations, we tune the length of binary representations. We visualize the operation of each of
these transformations in Appendix C. All these transformations can additionally be combined with
each other, which further increases the possible set of transformations applied per user. This renders
it impossible for an adversary to correctly guess and reverse the applied representation. Instead, the
adversary has to remap the representations over all accounts into a single embedding space in order
to unify them and leverage them for training of their stolen encoder copy. We present an exhaustive
list of strategies that adversaries can apply for the remapping in Appendix D. All the attack methods
reduce to the minimum of remapping between representations of a pair of users, i.e., they are at least
as complex as mapping between two separate accounts. In the next section, we show that our defense
already impedes stealing for an adversary with two accounts.


4   Empirical Evaluation

We first empirically evaluate our instantiation of B4B’s three building blocks and show how to calibrate
each of them for our defense. Finally, we provide an end-to-end evaluation that highlights B4B’s
effectiveness in preserving downstream utility for legitimate users while successfully preventing the
stealing by adversaries.


Experimental Setup. We conduct experiments on various kinds of downstream tasks and two
popular SSL encoders. To test our defense, we use FashionMNIST, SVHN, STL10, and CIFAR10 as
our downstream datasets, each with standard train and test splits. For stealing, we utilize training
data from ImageNet and LAION-5B. We rely on encoder models from the SimSiam [12] and the
DINO [9] SSL frameworks. As our victim encoders, we use the publicly available ResNet50 model
from SimSiam trained for 100 epochs on ImageNet and the ViT Small DINO encoder trained for
800 epochs on ImageNet, each using batch size 256. The ViT architecture takes as input a grid
of non-overlapping contiguous image patches of resolution N xN . In this paper, we typically use
N = 16. The Simsiam encoder has an output representation dimension of 2048, while DINO returns
1536 dimensional representations. We examine the utility of downstream classifiers using SimSiam’s
or DINO’s representations obtained for the respective downstream datasets. To implement LSH, we
rely on random projections [34] that we implement from scratch. For a detailed description of our
stealing and downstream training parameters, we refer to Appendix F.


                                                   6
                       100
                                                                                                                                                                          FashionMNIST




Buckets occupied [%]
                                 FashionMNIST




                                                                                Queries per bucket
                        80       SVHN                                                                103                                                                  SVHN
                                 CIFAR10                                                                                                                                  CIFAR10
                        60       ImageNet                                                            102                                                                  ImageNet
                        40
                                                                                                     101
                        20
                         0                                                                           100
                             0     10000   20000    30000   40000   50000                                   0                            10      20         30    40      50     60
                                                Queries                                                                                                  Buckets [%]
                             (a) Fraction of Occupied Buckets.                                                  (b) Number of Queries per Bucket.

Figure 3: Estimating Embedding Space Coverage through LSH on SimSiam Encoder. We present
the fraction of buckets occupied by representations of different datasets as a function of the number
of queries posed to the encoder (left). We observe that representations for the downstream datasets
(FashionMNIST, SVHN, CIFAR10) occupy a smaller fraction of buckets than representations from
the complex ImageNet dataset. Our evaluation of the number of queries whose representations are
mapped to the same bucket (right) indicates that our total number of buckets (212 ) is well calibrated
for the estimation of covered representation space: over all datasets, we experience hash collisions,
i.e., queries whose representations are mapped to the same buckets. This indicates that our LSH is
capable of representing similarities in the representations.


4.1                     Local Sensitive Hashing for Coverage Estimation

We first observe that the choice of the total number of hash buckets in the LSH influences the
effectiveness of our method. In the extreme, if we have a too large number of buckets, the number of
buckets filled will correspond to the number of queries posed by a user which fails to capture that
similar representations cover similar sub-spaces of the embedding space, and hence does not serve to
approximate the total fraction of the embedding space covered. However, if we have too few buckets,
even the representations for simple downstream tasks will fill large fractions of buckets, making it
impossible to calibrate the cost function such that it only penalizes adversaries. We experimentally
find that for our evaluated encoders, 212 buckets represent a good trade-off. In Appendix F.6, we
present an ablation study on the effect of the number of total buckets.
Our evaluation of the LSH to track coverage of the embedding space is presented in Figure 3.
We observe that representations returned for standard downstream tasks (FashionMNIST, SVHN,
CIFAR10) occupy a significantly smaller fraction of the total number of buckets than complex data
from multiple distributions (ImageNet, LAION-5B). We present additional experimental results on
measuring the coverage of the representation space in Appendix F.5. Specifically, we show that our
method of measuring the embedding space coverage has broad applicability across various encoders
and datasets used for pretraining. We further observe that the fraction of buckets occupied by the
representations saturates over time. These findings highlight that LSH is successful in capturing
the differences between legitimate users and adversaries—even in a low-query regime. Finally, we
note that our total number of buckets (212 ) is well calibrated since, over all datasets, it successfully
maps multiple representations to the same hash bucket while still filling various fractions of the total
number of buckets.

4.2                     Calibrating the Cost Function

We experiment with different sets of hyperparameters                                                                               1.0




                                                                                                           Stdev. of added noise
to instantiate the cost function from Equation (1) in                                                                                         f30%(n)
                                                                                                                                   0.8        f50%(n)
the previous section (3.3). As described there, we can                                                                             0.6
                                                                                                                                              f80%(n)
                                                                                                                                              f100%(n)
calibrate the function (as shown in Figure 4) such that
                                                                                                                                   0.4
a desired penalty (in the form of a specific σ) will
                                                                                                                                   0.2
be assigned at a certain fraction of buckets occupied.
                                                                                                                                   0.0
For B4B, we aim at penalizing high embedding space                                                                                       0         20        40     60      80    100
coverage severely. Therefore, we need to identify and                                                                                                       Buckets [%]
optimize for two components: 1) which value of σ
                                                                                                            Figure 4: Cost Function Calibration.
leads to significant performance drops, and 2) for what


                                                                            7
fraction of coverage do we want to impose this significant drop. We base both components on
empirical observations. Our first observation is that for our four downstream tasks (FashionMNIST,
SVHN, STL10, and CIFAR10), performance drops to 10% (i.e., random guessing) at roughly σ = 0.5.
In Figure 3, we further see that with 50k queries, the downstream tasks occupy < 30% of the buckets.
Ultimately, setting α and β are design choices that an API provider needs to make in order to specify
what type of query behavior they want to penalize. As very loose bounds (weak defense), based on
our observation, we consider σ = 1 as a high penalty, which leads to α = 1, and select β = 0.8. This
β corresponds to considering 80% of buckets filled as a too-large coverage of the embedding space.
We empirically observe that coverage of 80% of buckets occurs, for example, after around 100k of
ImageNet queries. By choosing our target β so loose, i.e., significantly larger than the observed 30%
for downstream tasks, we offer flexibility for the API to also provide good representations for more
complex downstream tasks. Finally, to obtain a flat cost curve close to the origin—which serves to
map small fractions of covered buckets to small costs—we find that we can set λ = 10−6 . In the
Appendix, we evaluate our defense end-to-end with differently parameterized cost functions.


4.3   Assessing the Effect of Transformations

Transformations Do Not Harm Utility for Legitimate Users. We evaluate the downstream
accuracy for transformed representations based on training a linear classifier on top of them. To
separate the effect of the noise added by our defense from the effect of the transformations, we
perform the experiments in this subsection without adding noise to the returned representations.
For example, on the CIFAR10 dataset and a SimSiam encoder pre-trained on ImageNet, without
any transformations applied, we obtain a downstream accuracy of 90.41% (± 0.02), while, with
transformations, we obtain 90.24% (± 0.11) for Affine, 90.40% (± 0.05) for Pad+Shuffle, 90.18% (±
0.06) for Affine+Pad+Shuffle, and 88.78% (± 0.2) for Binary. This highlights that the transformations
preserve utility for legitimate users. This holds over all datasets we evaluate as we show in Appendix F.


Adversaries Cannot Perfectly Remap Representations over Multiple Sybil Accounts. To under-
stand the impact of our per-user account transformations on sybil-attack based encoder stealing, we
evaluate the difficulty of remapping representations between different sybil accounts. For simplicity,
and since we established in Section 3.4 that multi-account attacks reduce to a two-account setup, we
assume an adversary who queries from two sybil accounts and aims at learning to map the transformed
representations from account #2 to the representation space of account #1. Using more accounts for
the adversary causes a larger query overhead and potentially more performance loss from remapping.
Our evaluation here, hence, represents a lower bound on the overhead caused to the adversary through
our transformations.
We learn the mapping between different accounts’ representations by training a linear model on
overlapping representations between the accounts. We assess the fidelity of remapped represen-
tations as a function of the number of overlapping queries between the accounts. As a fidelity
metric for our remapping, we compare the cosine distance between representations (a and b de-
                     T
fined as: 1 − ||a||a2 ·||b||
                        b
                            2
                              ). Once the remapping is trained, we evaluate by querying 10k data
points from the test dataset through account #1 and then again through account #2. Then, we
apply the learned remapping to the latter one and compute the pairwise cosine distances be-
tween the representations from account #1 and their remapped counterparts from account #2.
Our results are depicted in Figure 5. We show that the
                                                                 0.16
largest cosine distance is achieved with the binary trans-
                                                                 0.14
formations, making them the most protective against the          0.12



                                                                     Cosine Distance
adversary since they best prevent perfect remapping, even        0.10                        affine
                                                                                             pad_shuffle
with an overlap of as many as 10k queries between both           0.08                        affine_pad_shuffle
                                                                                             binary
accounts. However, these binary transformations also in-         0.06
                                                                 0.04
cur the highest drop in accuracy for legitimate users. The
                                                                 0.02
defender has the possibility of selecting their preferred        0.00
                                                                      0  2000 4000      6000  8000        10000
types of transformations between representations taking                           Queries
into account the trade-offs between the effectiveness of the
defense and the negative impact on legitimate users.           Figure 5: Quality of Remappings.


                                                      8
Table 1: Stealing and Using Encoders With and Without our Defense. The USER column
represents the type of the APIs’ user, where LEGIT denotes a legitimate user, ATTACKER stands for a
standard single-account adversary, and SYBIL represents an adversary using two sybil accounts. We
use InfoNCE loss for encoder extraction. # Queries stands for the number of queries used for stealing
with ALL denoting that the entire downstream dataset was used. The TYPE column expresses how the
dataset is used. We follow the stealing setup from [17]. In the first row, we present the undefended
victim encoder’s performance as the accuracy for downstream tasks trained on the encoder’s returned
representations. In the following row, we show downstream utility for legitimate users when the
victim encoder is defended by our B4B. Finally, (in the remaining rows) we assess the performance
of stolen encoders on the downstream tasks. Our results highlight that while the performance of the
encoder for legitimate users stays high, our B4B renders stealing inefficient with the stolen encoders
obtaining significantly worse performance on downstream tasks.
  U SER    D EFENSE # Q UERIES DATASET        T YPE    CIFAR10        STL10          SVHN        F-MNIST
  L EGIT    N ONE        A LL      TASK       Q UERY 90.41 ±0.02 95.08±0.13 75.47±0.04 91.22±0.11
  L EGIT    B4B          A LL      TASK       Q UERY 90.24±0.11 95.05±0.1 74.96±0.13 91.7±0.01
 ATTACK     N ONE        50K      I MG N ET   S TEAL    65.2±0.03     64.9±0.01     63.1±0.01    88.5 ±0.01
 ATTACK     B4B          50 K     I MG N ET   S TEAL   35.72±0.04    31.54±0.02    19.74±0.02    70.01±0.01
 ATTACK     N ONE       100K      I MG N ET   S TEAL   68.1 ±0.03    63.1 ±0.01    61.5 ±0.01    89.0 ±0.07
 ATTACK     B4B         100 K     I MG N ET   S TEAL   12.01±0.07    13.94±0.05    19.96±0.03    69.63±0.07
 ATTACK     N ONE       100K      LAION       S TEAL   64.92±0.03    62.51±0.03    59.02±0.02    84.54±0.01
 ATTACK     B4B         100 K     LAION       S TEAL   40.96± 0.03   40.69± 0.05   34.43± 0.01   72.92± 0.01
  S YBIL     B4B       2×50 K     I MG N ET   S TEAL   39.56± 0.06   38.50±0.04    23.41±0.02    77.01± 0.08
  S YBIL     B4B      3×33.3 K    I MG N ET   S TEAL   33.87± 0.05   38.57±0.06    21.16±0.01    72.95± 0.05
  S YBIL     B4B       4×25 K     I MG N ET   S TEAL   33.98± 0.04   34.52±0.08    21.21±0.02    70.71± 0.05
  S YBIL     B4B       5×20 K     I MG N ET   S TEAL   32.65± 0.05   32.45±0.05    29.63±0.01    70.12± 0.08
  S YBIL     B4B      6×16.7 K    I MG N ET   S TEAL   26.62± 0.04   26.85±0.05    24.32±0.02    70.51± 0.04




4.4   End-to-End Stealing of an Encoder under our Defense

We perform an end-to-end study to showcase how our B4B defense affects legitimate users vs
adversaries. The hyperparameters for B4B are chosen according to the empirical evaluation of the
previous sections with 212 as the number of buckets, α = 1, β = 0.8, λ = 10−6 as the hyperparameter
of the cost function, and different random affine transformations per-user account. Our main results
are presented in Table 1. We observe that instantiating our framework with B4B has a negligible
impact on legitimate users while substantially lowering the performance of stolen encoders in the
case of single-user and sybil attackers.
Legitimate Users. We compare the accuracy of downstream classifiers trained on top of unprotected
vs defended encoders. The victim encoder achieves high accuracy on the downstream tasks when no
defense is employed. With B4B in place, we observe that across all the downstream tasks, the drop in
performance is below 1%. For example, there is only a slight decrease in the accuracy of CIFAR10
from 90.41±0.02% to 90.24±0.11%. B4B’s small effect on legitimate users stems from the fact
that their downstream representations cover a relatively small part of the representations space. This
results in a very low amount of noise added to their representations which preserves performance.
Adversaries. For adversaries who create a stolen copy of the victim encoder, we make two main
observations. The most crucial one is that when our B4B is in place, the performance of the stolen
copies over all downstream tasks significantly drops in comparison to when the victim encoder
is unprotected (grey rows in Table 1). This highlights that our B4B effectively prevents stealing.
Our next key observation concerns the number of stealing queries used by the adversary: When
no defense is applied, the more queries are issued against the API (e.g., 100k instead of 50k), the
higher performance of the stolen encoder on downstream tasks (e.g., CIFAR10 or FashionMNIST).
In contrast, with B4B implemented as a defense, the performance decreases when using more
stealing queries from a single account. This is because with more queries issued, the coverage of
embedding space grows which renders the returned representations increasingly noisy and harms
stealing performance.


                                                   9
Moreover, we show that B4B can also prevent model stealing attacks with data from a different
distribution than the victim encoder’s training set. We highlight this in Table 1 where we also use the
LAION-5B dataset to steal an ImageNet pre-trained encoder. Our results highlight first that without
any defense in place, the LAION dataset is highly effective to extract the ImageNet pre-trained
encoder. Second, B4B effectively defends against such attacks, and yields a significant drop in
downstream accuracy (on average above 20%) of the stolen encoder.
We also show that this performance drop cannot be prevented by sybil attacks. Therefore, we first
consider an adversary who queries from two sybil accounts with 50k queries issued per account
and the first 10k queries of both accounts used to learn the remapping of representations between
them. When the adversary trains their stolen encoder copy on all the remapped representations, they
increase downstream performance over querying from a single account. Yet, their performance is still
significantly smaller than the performance of the victim encoder for legitimate users, or the encoder
stolen from an undefended victim. Moreover, using more than two sybil accounts further reduces
the attack performance as remapping complications accumulate. With ten sybils, remapping leaves
no more usable data for training the stolen encoder. This demonstrates our method’s advantage:
increasing the number of sybil accounts makes encoder extraction impractical due to the growing
remapping overhead. Overall, the results highlight that our B4B also successfully prevents sybil
attacks.

4.5   Baseline Comparison

Finally, we compare our B4B against the current state-of-the-art baseline defense, namely a static
addition of noise to all the returned representations (as proposed in [16] (Section A.4),[29, 36]).
For direct comparability, we evaluate the defense using the our end-to-end experiment setup from
the previous section. We present our results in Table 6 in Appendix F.4. Confirming the findings
from [16] our results also show that defenses that rely on static noise have the great disadvantage to
harm legitimate users and attackers equally. When adding noise with a small standard deviation of
σ = 0.1, we observe a negligible (<1%) performance drop for both attackers and legitimate users.
Adding noise with a large standard deviation of, for example, σ = 10, we observe that both legitimate
users’ and attackers’ performance drops between 15% and >40%. In summary, these defenses can
either effectively defend stealing (but harm legitimate users), or keep utility for legitimate users high
(but not defend well against stealing). In contrast, our B4B is able to provide high performance for
legitimate users while effectively defending the encoder against stealing attacks.


5     Conclusions

We design B4B a new and modular active defense framework against stealing SSL encoders. All the
previous approaches were either reactive, acting after the attack happened to detect stolen encoders, or
lowered the quality of outputs substantially also for legitimate users which rendered such mechanisms
impractical. We show that B4B successfully distinguishes between legitimate users and adversaries
by tracking the embedding space coverage of users’ obtained representations. B4B then leverages this
tracking to apply a cost function that penalizes users based on the current space coverage, for instance,
by lowering the quality of their outputs. Finally, B4B prevents sybil attacks by implementing per-user
transformations for the returned representations. Through our experimental evaluation, we show
that our defense indeed renders encoder stealing inefficient while preserving downstream utility for
legitimate users. Our B4B is therefore a valuable contribution to a safer sharing and democratization
of high-utility encoders over public APIs.


Acknowledgments and Disclosure of Funding

This research was supported by Warsaw University of Technology within the Excellence Ini-
tiative Research University (IDUB) programme, National Science Centre, Poland grant no
2020/39/O/ST6/01478, grant no 2020/39/B/ST6/01511, grant no 2022/45/B/ST6/02817, and in
part by PL-Grid Infrastructure grant nr PLG/2023/016361. The authors applied for a CC BY license
to any Author Accepted Manuscript (AAM) version arising from this submission, in accordance with
the grants’ open access conditions.


                                                   10
References
 [1] Clarifai, https://www.clarifai.com/. URL https://www.clarifai.com/.
 [2] Cohere, https://cohere.ai. URL https://cohere.ai/.
 [3] Openai, https://openai.com. URL https://openai.com/.
 [4] Poet2, https://labs.hyperledger.org/labs/archived/sawtooth-poet2.html. URL https://labs.
     hyperledger.org/labs/archived/sawtooth-poet2.html.
 [5] Google, https://google.github.io/snappy/. URL https://google.github.io/snappy/.
 [6] Facebook zstd, https://github.com/facebook/zstd. URL https://github.com/facebook/
     zstd.
 [7] Yossi Adi, Carsten Baum, Moustapha Cisse, Benny Pinkas, and Joseph Keshet. Turning your
     weakness into a strength: Watermarking deep neural networks by backdooring. In 27th USENIX
     Security Symposium (USENIX Security 18), pages 1615–1631, 2018.
 [8] Nicholas Carlini, Florian Tramer, Eric Wallace, Matthew Jagielski, Ariel Herbert-Voss, Kather-
     ine Lee, Adam Roberts, Tom B Brown, Dawn Song, Ulfar Erlingsson, et al. Extracting training
     data from large language models. In USENIX Security Symposium, volume 6, 2021.
 [9] Mathilde Caron, Hugo Touvron, Ishan Misra, Hervé Jégou, Julien Mairal, Piotr Bojanowski,
     and Armand Joulin. Emerging properties in self-supervised vision transformers. In Proceedings
     of the IEEE/CVF International Conference on Computer Vision (ICCV), pages 9650–9660,
     October 2021.
[10] Ting Chen, S. Kornblith, M. Norouzi, and G. Hinton. A simple framework for contrastive
     learning of visual representations. International Conference on Machine Learning, 2020.
[11] Ting Chen, Simon Kornblith, Mohammad Norouzi, and Geoffrey Hinton. A simple framework
     for contrastive learning of visual representations, 2020.
[12] Xinlei Chen and Kaiming He. Exploring simple siamese representation learning. 2020.
[13] Adam Coates, Andrew Ng, and Honglak Lee. An Analysis of Single Layer Networks in
     Unsupervised Feature Learning. In AISTATS, 2011. https://cs.stanford.edu/~acoates/
     papers/coatesleeng_aistats_2011.pdf.
[14] Tianshuo Cong, Xinlei He, and Yang Zhang. Sslguard: A watermarking scheme for self-
     supervised learning pre-trained encoders. CoRR, abs/2201.11692, 2022. URL https://arxiv.
     org/abs/2201.11692.
[15] Jia Deng, Wei Dong, Richard Socher, Li-Jia Li, Kai Li, and Li Fei-Fei. Imagenet: A large-
     scale hierarchical image database. In 2009 IEEE conference on computer vision and pattern
     recognition, pages 248–255. Ieee, 2009.
[16] Adam Dziedzic, Nikita Dhawan, Muhammad Ahmad Kaleem, Jonas Guan, and Nicolas Pa-
     pernot. On the difficulty of defending self-supervised learning against model extraction. In
     International Conference on Machine Learning, 2022.
[17] Adam Dziedzic, Haonan Duan, Muhammad Ahmad Kaleem, Nikita Dhawan, Jonas Guan,
     Yannis Cattan, Franziska Boenisch, and Nicolas Papernot. Dataset inference for self-supervised
     models. In Alice H. Oh, Alekh Agarwal, Danielle Belgrave, and Kyunghyun Cho, editors,
     Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems, 2022. URL https://openreview.net/
     forum?id=CCBJf9xJo2X.
[18] Adam Dziedzic, Muhammad Ahmad Kaleem, Yu Shen Lu, and Nicolas Papernot. Increasing
     the cost of model extraction with calibrated proof of work. In International Conference on
     Learning Representations, 2022. URL https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.09243.
[19] Stefan Dziembowski, Sebastian Faust, Vladimir Kolmogorov, and Krzysztof Pietrzak. Proofs of
     space. 2013. URL https://eprint.iacr.org/2013/796. https://eprint.iacr.org/
     2013/796.


                                                11
[20] Stefan Dziembowski, Sebastian Faust, Vladimir Kolmogorov, and Krzysztof Pietrzak. Proofs of
     space. In Advances in Cryptology–CRYPTO 2015: 35th Annual Cryptology Conference, Santa
     Barbara, CA, USA, August 16-20, 2015, Proceedings, Part II, pages 585–605. Springer, 2015.

[21] Nicholas Frosst, Nicolas Papernot, and Geoffrey Hinton. Analyzing and improving representa-
     tions with the soft nearest neighbor loss. In Kamalika Chaudhuri and Ruslan Salakhutdinov,
     editors, Proceedings of the 36th International Conference on Machine Learning, volume 97 of
     Proceedings of Machine Learning Research, pages 2012–2020. PMLR, 09–15 Jun 2019. URL
     https://proceedings.mlr.press/v97/frosst19a.html.

[22] Jean-Bastien Grill, F. Strub, F. Altché, C. Tallec, P. H. Richemond, E. Buchatskaya, C. Doersch,
     B. A. Pires, Z. D. Guo, M. G. Azar, B. Piot, K. Kavukcuoglu, R. Munos, and M. Valko.
     Bootstrap your own latent: A new approach to self-supervised learning. Computer Vision and
     Pattern Recognition, 2020.

[23] Kaiming He, Xinlei Chen, Saining Xie, Yanghao Li, Piotr Dollár, and Ross Girshick. Masked
     autoencoders are scalable vision learners. In Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF Conference on
     Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR), pages 16000–16009, June 2022.

[24] Matthew Jagielski, N. Carlini, D. Berthelot, A. Kurakin, and N. Papernot. High accuracy and
     high fidelity extraction of neural networks. USENIX Security Symposium, 2020.

[25] Hengrui Jia, Christopher A Choquette-Choo, Varun Chandrasekaran, and Nicolas Papernot. En-
     tangled watermarks as a defense against model extraction. In 30th USENIX Security Symposium
     (USENIX Security 21), pages 1937–1954, 2021.

[26] Mika Juuti, Sebastian Szyller, Samuel Marchal, and N Asokan. Prada: protecting against dnn
     model stealing attacks. In 2019 IEEE European Symposium on Security and Privacy (EuroS&P),
     pages 512–527. IEEE, 2019.

[27] Sanjay Kariyappa, Atul Prakash, and Moinuddin K Qureshi. Maze: Data-free model stealing
     attack using zeroth-order gradient estimation. In Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF Conference on
     Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, pages 13814–13823, 2021.

[28] Alex Krizhevsky. Learning multiple layers of features from tiny images. Technical report, 2009.

[29] Yupei Liu, Jinyuan Jia, Hongbin Liu, and Neil Zhenqiang Gong. Stolenencoder: Stealing
     pre-trained encoders in self-supervised learning. In Proceedings of the 2022 ACM SIGSAC
     Conference on Computer and Communications Security, CCS ’22, page 2115–2128, New
     York, NY, USA, 2022. Association for Computing Machinery. ISBN 9781450394505. doi:
     10.1145/3548606.3560586. URL https://doi.org/10.1145/3548606.3560586.

[30] Pratyush Maini, Mohammad Yaghini, and Nicolas Papernot. Dataset inference: Ownership
     resolution in machine learning. In Proceedings of ICLR 2021: 9th International Conference on
     Learning Representationsn, 2021.

[31] Yuki Nagai, Y. Uchida, S. Sakazawa, and Shin’ichi Satoh. Digital watermarking for deep neural
     networks. International Journal of Multimedia Information Retrieval, 7:3–16, 2018.

[32] Yuval Netzer, Tao Wang, Adam Coates, Alessandro Bissacco, Bo Wu, and Andrew Y. Ng.
     Reading digits in natural images with unsupervised feature learning. In NIPS Workshop on Deep
     Learning and Unsupervised Feature Learning 2011, 2011. URL http://ufldl.stanford.
     edu/housenumbers/nips2011_housenumbers.pdf.

[33] Tribhuvanesh Orekondy, Bernt Schiele, and Mario Fritz. Knockoff nets: Stealing functionality
     of black-box models. In Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and
     Pattern Recognition, pages 4954–4963, 2019.

[34] Loïc Paulevé, Hervé Jégou, and Laurent Amsaleg. Locality sensitive hashing: A comparison of
     hash function types and querying mechanisms. Pattern recognition letters, 31(11):1348–1358,
     2010.


                                                 12
[35] Christoph Schuhmann, Romain Beaumont, Richard Vencu, Cade Gordon, Ross Wightman,
     Mehdi Cherti, Theo Coombes, Aarush Katta, Clayton Mullis, Mitchell Wortsman, Patrick
     Schramowski, Srivatsa Kundurthy, Katherine Crowson, Ludwig Schmidt, Robert Kaczmarczyk,
     and Jenia Jitsev. Laion-5b: An open large-scale dataset for training next generation image-text
     models, 2022.
[36] Zeyang Sha, Xinlei He, Ning Yu, Michael Backes, and Yang Zhang. Can’t steal? cont-steal!
     contrastive stealing attacks against image encoders. 2022. URL https://arxiv.org/abs/
     2201.07513.
[37] Yun Shen, Xinlei He, Yufei Han, and Yang Zhang. Model stealing attacks against inductive graph
     neural networks. In 2022 IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy (SP), pages 1175–1192.
     IEEE, 2022.
[38] Ram Shankar Siva Kumar, Magnus Nyström, John Lambert, Andrew Marshall, Mario Goertzel,
     Andi Comissoneru, Matt Swann, and Sharon Xia. Adversarial machine learning-industry
     perspectives. In 2020 IEEE Security and Privacy Workshops (SPW), pages 69–75, 2020. doi:
     10.1109/SPW50608.2020.00028.
[39] Malcolm Slaney and Michael Casey. Locality-sensitive hashing for finding nearest neighbors
     [lecture notes]. IEEE Signal processing magazine, 25(2):128–131, 2008.
[40] Florian Tramèr, F. Zhang, A. Juels, M. Reiter, and T. Ristenpart. Stealing machine learning
     models via prediction apis. USENIX Security Symposium, 2016.
[41] Jean-Baptiste Truong, Pratyush Maini, Robert J. Walls, and Nicolas Papernot. Data-free model
     extraction. In Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern
     Recognition (CVPR), June 2021.
[42] Yusuke Uchida, Yuki Nagai, Shigeyuki Sakazawa, and Shin’ichi Satoh. Embedding watermarks
     into deep neural networks. In Proceedings of the 2017 ACM on international conference on
     multimedia retrieval, pages 269–277, 2017.
[43] Yutong Wu, Han Qiu, Tianwei Zhang, Lin Jiwei, and Meikang Qiu. Watermarking pre-trained
     encoders in contrastive learning. ArXiv, abs/2201.08217, 2022.
[44] Jure Zbontar, Li Jing, Ishan Misra, Yann LeCun, and Stéphane Deny. Barlow twins: Self-
     supervised learning via redundancy reduction. arXiv preprint arXiv:2103.03230, 2021.




                                                13
A     Broader Impacts
The goal of our work is to actively defend self-supervised encoders against model stealing attacks.
Since we are directly defending encoders, any negative societal impacts of our work are minimal. One
potentially negative impact could be the degradation of performance for legitimate users. However,
as shown in our experimental results, we are able to preserve high utility for standard users.

B     Limitations
We show how our defense method is tuned for SimSiam and DINO. There are more types of SSL
encoders that can be tested with our method. The B4B defense method requires tuning the parameters,
such as the number of occupied buckets that is allowed without any penalty for the cost function, or
the selection of the transformations. These steps are rather difficult to automate but can be replaced
with more data-driven approaches. For example, instead of designing a cost function from scratch,
one could create an ML model to obtain a cost for a given occupation of the representation space. We
explain more details in the Appendix C.2.

C     Alternative Building Blocks to Instantiate B4B
While we present a reference implementation of B4B in our work that instantiates the three building
blocks with (1) Local Sensitive Hashing, (2) Utility of the Representations, and (3) a set of concrete
transformations, there exists a multitude of alternatives to concretely implement our B4B framework.
In the following, we present these alternatives, grouped by building block.

C.1   Alternative Estimation of the Coverage of Embedding Space

We also explore alternative methods to measure the distances between representations for queries
sent to an API. One of them is to apply the cosine distance (where for two representations a and b, it
                          T
is defined as: 1 − ||a||a2 ·||b||
                             b
                                 2
                                   ) since it can be measured between individual data points in a pair-wise
fashion. If the total pair-wise cosine distance between representations for a given user is small, then
the user queries presumably come from a single downstream task distribution. Otherwise, a user
might be malicious and would like to cover a large part of the representation space, then the total
pair-wise cosine distance for the user’s representations would be high. Note that in this case, the
cosine distance can be replaced with any other distance measure, such as the Minkowski distance.
We opt for the LSH in our reference implementation, since it is much less expensive to compute than
cosine distance. LSH requires only 212 = 4096 buckets that can be expressed as a binary table with
the same number of elements, which requires in the worst case iterating over all of them to count how
many are occupied. With more than 4096 queries sent by a given user, the computation on the LSH is
sublinear < O(n) with respect to the number of user queries. For the cosine distance approach, the
required computation grows quadratically O(n2 ) with the number of queries.

C.2   Alternative Cost Functions

The cost functions can be designed from scratch manually or learned, for example, via an ML model,
such as a neural network or SVM. In our initial version, the function was designed manually, where
the underlying premise is that once a specified number of buckets is occupied, the cost should grow
exponentially. Instead of defining such a function or providing the high-level parameters for functions
that we contributed, one could learn an ML model that for a given number of buckets occupied, it
should output an estimated cost, or even directly, the desired σ (standard deviation) of the noise added
to representations. This method requires a relatively large number of data points to be provided for
training the model, however, lowers the burden on a defender to either decide on the specific function
or adjust its parameters. Thus, it could be more user-friendly, for example, not necessitating any
mathematical background, but can be precise enough to obtain the desired behavior.
Note that instead of adding the calibrated noise (proportional to the estimated cost) to the represen-
tations, we could rather require a given user to pay a higher monetary cost for queries that cover a
large fraction of the representation space, or force a user to solve a puzzle in a form of the proof-
of-work [18], wait a specified amount of time via proof-of-elapsed time (PoET) [4], or prove that


                                                   14
a specified amount of disk space was reserved [19, 20]. For example, consider the approach with
PoET. A user sends queries to the API, which we cost based on their occupation of the embedding
space. The user is sent a waiting time. The users’ resource (e.g., a CPU) has to be occupied for this
specific waiting time without performing any work. At the end of the specified amount of time, the
user sends proof of the elapsed time, which can be easily verified by the server. PoET requires access
to specialized hardware, for example, secure CPU instructions that are becoming widely available in
consumer and enterprise processors. If a user does not own such hardware, proof of elapsed time
could be produced using a service exposed by a cloud provider (e.g., Azure VMs that feature TEE 2).
Note that if a server sends the time based on the calculated cost, the adversary might learn the cost
function. Instead, the exact waiting time should be split in random subwaiting times and sent to the
user one by one. Thus, a server should rather have a few rounds of exchange with the client to incur
the additional cost.

C.3          Alternative to Transformations

               Affine                    Pad + Shuffle                Affine + Pad + Shuffle                  Binary


       a                    c      a                  c               a                          c      a              c

      0.7       x2 + 1     2.4    0.7                -0.2            0.7                        0.7    0.7             1
                                                                             x2 + 1
                                                            a
      -0.2     x-1 + 0.5   0.7    -0.2               0.3             -0.2                       -1.1   -0.2
                                                                            x-1 + 0.5                                  0




      0.3                  -1.1   0.3
                x3 - 2                               0.7             0.3     x3 - 2             2.4    0.3             0


                                                     0.5                                        0.5
                                             + 0.5                                      + 0.5                          1


                                             + 0.3   0.3                                        0.3
                                                                                        + 0.3                          1




                                                     -0.4                                       -0.4
                                             - 0.4                                      - 0.4                          0




Figure 6: Overview on Transformations. We depict the inner-workings of the transformations
considered in this work.

As an alternative to the transformations used within this work (see Figure 6), one could use a different
set of transformations or combinations thereof. The padding can be done with different constant
values and combined with adding constant values within the representations. The padding and adding
the constant values can be followed by shuffling the elements within the representations. We can
apply the affine of binary transformations on top of the padding and shuffling. Additionally, we can
also use other pre-defined linear transformations like rotations or shearing.
The representations could also be compressed to smaller vectors and the compression rate would
depend on the occupation of the representation space, for example, the higher the number of occupied
buckets in our hash table, the more compressed the output representations could be. Such representa-
tions could be compressed via FFT, a cosine transform, or standard compression techniques such
as snappy [5]. If the information from the representations should not be lost, then the lossless com-
pression techniques can be applied, for instance, zstd [6]. The only requirement of the compression
techniques is to ensure that they do not decrease the accuracy on downstream tasks for legitimate
users.
Another alternative is to incorporate an additional neural network layer for transforming the returned
representations. The training of this supplementary layer should primarily focus on preserving
the usability of the representations for legitimate users. This approach grants the API provider
with additional capabilities, as it allows for the utilization of customized training objectives. For
instance, if the API provider employs LSH (Locality-Sensitive Hashing) to estimate the coverage
of the representation space, they can leverage buckets and train the additional layer to maintain
high-quality representations exclusively for frequently-used buckets and their surrounding areas,
while not prioritizing the rest of the representation space. This approach safeguards legitimate users


                                                                15
from any adverse effects, as their coverage of the representation space is minimal. Simultaneously, it
ensures that adversaries are unable to exploit representations from the entire representation space.


D     Sybil Attacks

We consider an adversary who generates n sybil accounts to steal the encoder from the API. For each
of the accounts, the representations are transformed in a different way. Therefore, to replicate the
victim model using all the obtained representations, the adversary has to map these representations
into one single space. This can be done, for example, by training a neural network to perform the
mapping.
We assume the adversary obtains {N1 , N2 , . . . , Nn } many representations from the victim for each
of the n sybil accounts. Without loss of generality, we assume the adversary maps them back to the
embedding space of the first sybil account. To learn the mapping, the adversary can apply different
strategies.


D.1   Sybil Strategies

We present three potential approaches that Sybils might want to apply to circumvent our defense. Con-
sider three users: A, B, and C, with their respective datasets DA , DB , and DC , each with different
distributions to maximize extraction effectiveness. First, user A is selected to unify representations
from other users B and C. User A would have to query from at least two different datasets DB and
DC , while other users would act legitimately. Sybil attackers want to deploy as many users as possible
but with more fake accounts, user A incurs high coverage of the representation space, and this is
prevented by our single-user defense. In all other cases neither of the sybil users can act legitimately,
thus they are already affected by the single-user defense. Second, user A would query from their own
dataset DA and partially from dataset DB . Then user B would query from their own dataset DB and
partially from dataset DC , and so on. This method is the most inconspicuous but requires a number
of remappings that scales super-exponentially with the number of fake accounts, which is impractical.
Finally, each user would query from their respective dataset, for example, user B would query from
dataset DB and additionally from a remapping dataset, e.g., DA . Representations could be unified
by mapping them to A’s representations. The last approach as well as all other cases reduce to the
minimum of remapping between representations of a pair of users. We show that our defense cuts
such attempts short by ensuring that the remapping between representations is prohibitive even for a
pair of users.


E     Additional Related Work

One of the main workhorse techniques used in the encoders is contrastive learning, where the
representations are trained so that the positive pairs (two augmented versions of the same image)
have similar representations while negative pairs (augmentations of two different images) have
representations which are far apart.
SimSiam utilizes Siamese networks (two encoders with shared weights) but with a simplified training
process and architecture. In contrast to the previous frameworks, such as SimCLR [10], SimSiam’s
authors show that negative samples are unnecessary and collapsing solutions can be avoided by
applying the projection head to of one of the encoders, and a stop-gradient operation to the other.
SimSiam minimizes the negative cosine similarity between two randomly augmented views of the
same image from the Siamese encoders, which is expressed via a symmetrized loss [22]. This creates
a simple yet highly effective representation learning method.
DINO is another popular representation learning framework. While SimSiam uses CNNs, DINO
employs vision transformers (ViTs). It trains a student and teacher encoder with the same architec-
ture, updating the teacher with an (exponential moving) average of the student. Different random
transformations of the same image are passed through both encoders. The student receives smaller
image crops, forcing it to generate representations restoring parts of the original image. The training
objective is minimizing cross-entropy loss between teacher and student representations.


                                                   16
F                        Additional Experimental Results
F.1                       Details on Experimental Setup

The end-to-end experiments on stealing SimSiam and ViT DINO encoders were done using 3 A100
GPUs. Detailed experiments including mapping, transformations and the evaluation was performed
using a single computer equipped with two Nvidia RTX 2080 Ti GPUs.

F.2                       Datasets Used

CIFAR10 [28]: The CIFAR10 dataset consists of 32x32 colored images with 10 classes. There are
50000 training images and 10000 test images.
SVHN [32]: The SVHN dataset contains 32x32 coloured images with 10 classes. There are roughly
73000 training images, 26000 test images and 530000 "extra" images.
ImageNet[15]: Larger sized coloured images with 1000 classes. As is commonly done, we resize
all images to be of size 224x224. There are approximately 1 million training images and 50000 test
images.
STL10 [13]: The STL10 dataset contains 96x96 coloured images with 10 classes. There are 5000
training images, 8000 test images, and 100000 unlabeled images.
LAION-5B [35] The LAION-5B dataset consists of 5,85 billion CLIP-filtered image-text pairs. The
dataset was crawled from publically available internet.

F.3                       More Results for the End2End Empirical Evaluation

We consider fine-tuning parameters β, λ, and α for our cost function and the intuitive meaning
behind these parameters. In general, our recommendation is to adjust the parameter β that specifies
how many buckets are allowed to be filled by users’ downstream tasks. On the other hand, when
parameter λ is increased, this causes a higher amount of added noise before we reach the number of
buckets specified by β, which lowers the performance of a given downstream task relatively early.
For example, a higher value of λ in Figure 4, would cause an increase in the amount of added noise
much earlier than for the target value of β. Finally, parameter α controls the amount of noise once
the number of buckets specified by β is reached. Thus, in Figure 4, we set α = 1 and the maximum
standard deviation of the added Gaussian noise is 1.


                        1.0                                                                    1.0




Stdev. of added noise                                                  Stdev. of added noise
                                  f10 3(n)                                                               f1(n)
                        0.8       f10 4(n)                                                     0.8       f0.5(n)
                                  f10 5(n)                                                               f0.2(n)
                        0.6       f10 6(n)                                                     0.6       f0.1(n)
                        0.4                                                                    0.4
                        0.2                                                                    0.2
                        0.0
                              0        20    40      60    80   100                                  0        20   40      60    80   100
                                             Buckets [%]                                                           Buckets [%]
          (a) Cost Function for different λ parameter values.                   (b) Cost Function for different α parameter values.

Figure 7: Effects of λ and α parameters on the Cost Function. We present the Cost Function for
α=1, β=80 and different values of λ (left) and λ = 10−6 , β=80 and different values of α (right).




                                                                      17
Table 2: Stealing and Using Encoders With and Without our Defense. The model used in the
experiments is Simsiam, with the following parameters for the cost function λ = 10−4 , α = 1, and
β = 80%, and the number of buckets equal to 212 . Due to the higher value of the parameter λ, we
observe lower performance on downstream tasks for the attackers since the magnitude of noise added
to the representations is higher. However, for more complicated tasks than CIFAR10, this change
might cause a potential drop in accuracy for the legitimate users.

  U SER   D EFENSE # Q UERIES DATASET         T YPE     CIFAR10      STL10        SVHN       F-MNIST
 L EGIT    N ONE       A LL        TASK       Q UERY 90.41±0.02 95.08±0.13 75.47±0.04 91.22±0.11
 L EGIT    B4B         ALL         TASK       Q UERY 90.02 ±0.1 94.88 ±0.17 74.72 ±0.13 91.76 ±0.09
ATTACK     N ONE        50K       I MG N ET   S TEAL 65.2 ±0.03 64.9 ±0.01 62.1 ±0.01 88.5 ±0.01
ATTACK     B4B          50 K      I MG N ET   S TEAL 28.22 ± 0.04 26.62 ± 0.02 19.62 ± 0.02 78.41 ±0.01
ATTACK     N ONE       100K       I MG N ET   S TEAL 68.1 ±0.03 63.1 ±0.01 61.5 ±0.01 89.0 ±0.07
ATTACK     B4B         100 K      I MG N ET   S TEAL 17.73 ± 0.18 15.59 ± 0.61 19.53± 0.01 55.11 ± 0.05
 S YBIL    B4B       50 K +50 K   I MG N ET   S TEAL 33.43 ± 0.03 31.18 ± 0.12 22.91 ± 0.01 75.35 ± 0.05




Table 3: Stealing and Using Encoders With and Without our Defense. The model used in the
experiments is Simsiam, with the following parameters for the cost function λ = 10−6 , α = 1, and
β = 50%, and the number of buckets equal to 212 . This experiment corresponds to considering 50%
of buckets filled as a too-large coverage of the embedding space. This improves the defense but again
might potentially harm the performance of more complicated tasks than CIFAR10 since they could
occupy more buckets than 50%.

  U SER   D EFENSE # Q UERIES DATASET         T YPE     CIFAR10      STL10        SVHN       F-MNIST
 L EGIT    N ONE       A LL        TASK       Q UERY 90.41±0.02 95.08±0.13 75.47±0.04 91.22 ±0.11
 L EGIT    B4B         ALL         TASK       Q UERY 90.27 ±0.07 95.12 ±0.13 74.94 ±0.16 91.66 ±0.05
ATTACK     N ONE        50K       I MG N ET   S TEAL 65.2 ±0.03 64.9 ±0.01 62.1 ±0.01 88.5 ±0.01
ATTACK     B4B          50 K      I MG N ET   S TEAL 15.52 ± 0.37 12.57 ± 0.23 19.53± 0.01 23.17 ± 0.01
ATTACK     N ONE       100K       I MG N ET   S TEAL 68.1 ±0.03 63.1 ±0.01 61.5 ±0.01 89.0 ±0.07
ATTACK     B4B         100 K      I MG N ET   S TEAL 16.27 ± 0.04 13.93 ± 0.35 19.54 ± 0.02 54.69 ± 0.02
 S YBIL    B4B       50 K +50 K   I MG N ET   S TEAL 30.14 ± 0.01 29.57 ± 0.08 19.99 ± 0.03 71.72 ± 0.01




Table 4: Stealing and Using Encoders With and Without our Defense. The model used in the
experiments is Simsiam, with the following parameters for the cost function λ = 10−6 , α = 1, and
β = 30%, and the number of buckets equal to 212 . Since the value of parameter β is decreased
substantially to 30%, we observe a drop in accuracy for legitimate users. For example, more than 1%
for CIFAR10. In the next Table 5, we show that by also decreasing the parameter α, we can attenuate
this harmful effect and retain higher accuracy for legitimate users. In case of an attack, for 100k
stealing queries, we observe much lower accuracy levels than for β = 50% shown in Table 3.

  U SER   D EFENSE # Q UERIES DATASET         T YPE     CIFAR10      STL10        SVHN       F-MNIST
 L EGIT    N ONE       A LL        TASK       Q UERY 90.41±0.02 95.08±0.13 75.47±0.04 91.22 ±0.11
 L EGIT    B4B         ALL         TASK       Q UERY 88.1 ±0.11 94.92 ±0.11 74.37 ±0.02 91.67 ±0.07
ATTACK     N ONE        50K       I MG N ET   S TEAL 65.2 ±0.03 64.9 ±0.01 62.1 ±0.01 88.5 ±0.01
ATTACK     B4B          50 K      I MG N ET   S TEAL 30.82 ± 0.09 26.37 ± 0.07 21.87 ± 0.03 66.0 ± 0.02
ATTACK     N ONE       100K       I MG N ET   S TEAL 68.1 ±0.03 63.1 ±0.01 61.5 ±0.01 89.0 ±0.07
ATTACK     B4B         100 K      I MG N ET   S TEAL 9.57 ± 0.17 9.83 ± 0.09 19.57 ± 0.01 27.06 ± 0.46
 S YBIL    B4B       50 K +50 K   I MG N ET   S TEAL 29.15 ± 0.02 28.67 ± 0.06 19.98 ± 0.03 70.62 ± 0.03




                                                   18
Table 5: Stealing and Using Encoders With and Without our Defense. The model used in the
experiments is Simsiam, with the following parameters for the cost function λ = 10−6 , α = 0.1, and
β = 30%, and the number of buckets equal to 212 . Due to the lower performance on downstream
tasks observed in Table 4 while keeping the parameter β fixed to 30% and λ fixed to 10−6 , we
decrease the value of parameter α to 0.1, which increases the performance of legitimate users on their
downstream tasks. In this experiment, we also carry out a sybil attack with more accounts (4 instead
of 2), but observe that this modification does not improve the performance of the attacker. With more
accounts, a sybil has to sacrifice more queries for the remappings between the representations from
different accounts. Additionally, note that each account introduces a different remapping error by the
dint of different transformations applied to each account by B4B.

  U SER   D EFENSE # Q UERIES DATASET          T YPE      CIFAR10        STL10        SVHN         F-MNIST
 L EGIT     N ONE        A LL        TASK  Q UERY 90.41±0.02         95.08±0.13 75.47±0.04 91.22±0.11
 L EGIT     B4B          50 K      CIFAR10 Q UERY 90.17 ±0.1         94.92 ±0.09 74.97 ±0.13 91.71 ±0.08
ATTACK      N ONE        50K       I MG N ET   S TEAL 65.2 ±0.03 64.9 ±0.01 62.1 ±0.01 88.5 ±0.01
ATTACK      B4B          50 K      I MG N ET   S TEAL 19.95 ±0.19 15.54 ± 0.34 19.57 ± 0.01 23.50 ± 0.19
ATTACK      N ONE       100K       I MG N ET   S TEAL 68.1 ±0.03 63.1 ±0.01 61.5 ±0.01 89.0 ±0.07
ATTACK      B4B         100 K      I MG N ET   S TEAL 10.35 ± 0.19 12.37 ± 0.69 19.34 ± 0.01 68.93 ± 0.17
 S YBIL     B4B        4×25 K      I MG N ET   S TEAL 33.15 ± 0.04 30.23 ± 0.07 20.87 ± 0.01 72.19 ± 0.02




F.4   B4B vs Static Noise Addition Defenses

We compare our B4B against the current state-of-the-art baseline defense, namely adding a static
addition of noise to all the returned representations (as proposed in [16] (Section A.4),[29, 36]). For
the Table 6, we use the same setup as in Table 1 (with an ImageNet pre-trained encoder).
Our results show the following insights:

1. If the amount of noise is small (σ = 0.1) then the performance drop is negligible but for both
   a legitimate user (row 2) and an adversary (row 6). In this case, the defense does not affect the
   adversary at all (compare rows 5 & 6).

2. If the amount of noise is large (σ = 10) then the performance drop is large for both a legitimate
   user (row 3) and an adversary (row 7). In this case, the encoder is worthless for legitimate users
   since the performance is too low.




Table 6: Stealing and Using Encoders with Static Noise Addition Defenses vs. Our B4B Defense.
Adding a small amount of noise results in negligible drop in performance for both legitimate user
(row 2) and an adversary (row 6). Adding a large amount of noise defend stealing (row 7), but
significantly harm legitimate users at the same time (row 3). Our B4B defense solves the above
problem and provides high performance for legitimate users (row 4) while effectively defending the
encoder against stealing attacks (row 8).

  U SER     D EFENSE     # Q UERIES DATASET       T YPE     CIFAR10       STL10        SVHN        F-MNIST
 L EGIT      N ONE          ALL        TASK       Q UERY   90.41 ±0.02   95.08±0.13   75.47±0.04   91.22±0.11
 L EGIT   N OISE σ=0.1      ALL        TASK       Q UERY   90.20±0.03    95.15±0.13   75.29±0.09   91.24±0.02
 L EGIT   N OISE σ=10       ALL        TASK       Q UERY   65.11±0.45    76.37±0.14   33.23±0.09   65.83±0.13
 L EGIT       B4B           ALL        TASK       Q UERY   90.24±0.11    95.05±0.1    74.96±0.13   91.7±0.01
ATTACK    N ONE             50K       I MG N ET   S TEAL 65.2±0.03 64.9±0.01           63.1±0.01   88.5 ±0.01
ATTACK N OISE σ=0.1         50 K      I MG N ET   S TEAL 64.92±0.04 64.61±0.02        62.35±0.01   88.41±0.01
ATTACK N OISE σ=10          50K       I MG N ET   S TEAL 36.32±0.2 32.59±0.06         20.59±0.01   74.94±0.02
ATTACK     B4B              50 K      I MG N ET   S TEAL 35.72±0.04 31.54±0.02        19.74±0.02   70.01±0.01




                                                   19
F.5   Additional Embedding Space Coverage experiments

We present additional experiments on measuring the coverage of the representation space.
First, we use the same set-up as from Table 1 - SimSiam with ResNet50 pretrained on ImageNet.
When querying the encoder with ImageNet-Full (includes all 1000 classes) and LAION-5B datasets,
they both occupy a large fraction of the representation space of the victim encoder, as shown on Figure
8. In contrast, CIFAR10 covers the smallest portion of the representation space as the simplest dataset
tested. ImageNet-Dogs (with only 118 classes for dog breeds) falls in the middle, occupying more
space than CIFAR10 but less than ImageNet-Full and LAION-5B. Its intermediate coverage aligns
with its mid-level difficulty compared to the other datasets. As indicated by representation space
coverage, stealing the encoder is similarly effective with ImageNet-Full and LAION-5B datasets, as
both datasets cover a large fraction of the representation space. Overall, Figure 8 demonstrates that:
1) our B4B can successfully protect the encoder model even from attackers stealing with data that was
not used to train the model (LAION-5B in this case) and 2) while providing clean representation for
users querying from downstream tasks that are part of more complicated datasets (ImageNet-Dogs).

                                                 100




                          Buckets occupied [%]
                                                           CIFAR10
                                                  80       ImageNet - Dogs
                                                           LAION
                                                  60       ImageNet
                                                  40
                                                  20
                                                   0
                                                       0     10000    20000    30000   40000   50000
                                                                          Queries
Figure 8: Fraction of Occupied Buckets (Embedding Space Coverage) for the ImageNet encoder.
Representations for the downstream datasets (CIFAR10, ImageNet - Dogs) occupy a smaller fraction
of buckets than representations from the complex ImageNet or LAION-5B datasets. The underlying
encoder is SimSiam pre-trained on ImageNet with ResNet50.

Our method of measuring the embedding space coverage is not limited to a particular encoder or
dataset used for pretraining. We demonstrate this in Figure 9, showing the fraction of occupied
buckets for a SimCLR [11] Resnet34 encoder pretrained on CIFAR10.

                                                 100




                          Buckets occupied [%]
                                                           FashionMNIST
                                                  80       SVHN
                                                           STL10
                                                  60       CIFAR100
                                                           CIFAR10
                                                  40
                                                  20
                                                   0
                                                       0     10000    20000    30000   40000   50000
                                                                          Queries
Figure 9: Fraction of Occupied Buckets (Embedding Space Coverage) for the CIFAR10 encoder.
B4B can be applied to an encoder trained on CIFAR10. Representations for the downstream datasets
(FashionMNIST, SVHN) occupy a smaller fraction of buckets than representations from CIFAR10,
CIFAR100, and STL10 datasets. The underlying encoder is SimCLR pre-trained on CIFAR10 with
ResNet34.




                                                                          20
F.6                      Setting the number of buckets

We present our procedure to find an optimal number of buckets in Figure 10.


                       100                                                                                    100




Buckets occupied [%]                                                                   Buckets occupied [%]
                                                             FashionMNIST                                                FashionMNIST
                        80                                   SVHN                                              80        SVHN
                                                             CIFAR10                                                     CIFAR10
                        60                                   ImageNet                                          60        ImageNet
                        40                                                                                     40
                        20                                                                                     20
                         0                                                                                      0
                             0      10000   20000    30000   40000     50000                                        0      10000   20000    30000   40000   50000
                                                 Queries                                                                                Queries
                                 (a) Number of buckets = 28                                                             (b) Number of buckets = 210

                       100                                                                                    100




Buckets occupied [%]                                                                   Buckets occupied [%]
                                  FashionMNIST                                                                                                      FashionMNIST
                        80        SVHN                                                                         80                                   SVHN
                                  CIFAR10                                                                                                           CIFAR10
                        60        ImageNet                                                                     60                                   ImageNet
                        40                                                                                     40
                        20                                                                                     20
                         0                                                                                      0
                             0      10000   20000    30000   40000     50000                                        0      10000   20000    30000   40000   50000
                                                 Queries                                                                                Queries
                                 (c) Number of buckets = 212                                                            (d) Number of buckets = 214
Figure 10: Estimating Embedding Space Coverage through LSH on the SimSiam Encoder. We
extend the results from Figure 3(a) and present the fraction of buckets occupied by representations of
different datasets as a function of the number of queries posed to the encoder. We consider different
number of buckets in the LSH table. We observe that 28 buckets is to small since queries from the
ImageNet dataset saturate all the buckets after around 50k queries, while the number 214 of buckets
is too large since it is never occupied more than 40%. Thus, the number 212 buckets is a good middle
ground. Subfigure (c) corresponds to Figure 3 from the main paper. We also use the same notation
and carry out our experiments in the same way as in Figure 3.



F.7                      Results for DINO

We show that our defense is also applicable to the DINO encoder. The occupation of the representa-
tions space is presented visually in Figure 11. We also show that the number of buckets 212 is optimal
for DINO in Figure 12. The impact of transformation on the representations from DINO is shown
Table 8. Finally, the end to end experiment for DINO is presented in Table 7.


                                                                                                      F-MNIST
                                                                     400                              SVHN
                                                                                                      CIFAR10
                                                                                                      STL10
                                                                     200

                                                                       0

                                                                     200

                                                                            200   0    200                    400


Figure 11: Representations from Different Tasks Occupy Different Sub-Spaces of the Embedding
Space. Presented for FashionMNIST, SVHN, CIFAR10, and STL10. In this plot, we used the
DINO ViT Small encoder trained on ImageNet.



                                                                                  21
                                                                 100




                                          Buckets occupied [%]
                                                                                        FashionMNIST
                                                                  80                    SVHN
                                                                                        CIFAR10
                                                                  60                    ImageNet
                                                                  40
                                                                  20
                                                                   0
                                                                             0            10000      20000         30000          40000        50000
                                                                                                        Queries

Figure 12: Estimating Embedding Space Coverage through LSH on the DINO Encoder. The
number of buckets is set to 212 . We also use the same notation and carry out our experiments in the
same way as in Figure 3.

Table 7: Stealing and Using Encoders With and Without our Defense. The model used in the
experiments is DINO, with the following parameters for the cost function λ = 10−6 , α = 1000, and
β = 60%, and the number of buckets equal to 212 . We have to increase the value of parameter α by
×1000 since the norms of the DINO representations are also around 103 higher than for SimSiam.
We observe that B4B performs similarly on DINO as for SimSiam.

  U SER          D EFENSE # Q UERIES DATASET                                                      T YPE        CIFAR10                     STL10                     SVHN               F-MNIST
 L EGIT            N ONE                 A LL                                TASK             Q UERY 94.51 ±0.08 97.98 ±0.04 70.66 ±0.16 89.98 ±0.03
 L EGIT            B4B                   ALL                                 TASK             Q UERY 94.25 ±0.11 98.05 ±0.04 69.66 ±0.14 89.68 ±0.01
ATTACK             N ONE             50K                                   I MG N ET              S TEAL 67.92 ± 0.04                   66.02 ± 0.22             61.30 ± 0.01           89.46 ± 0.01
ATTACK             B4B               50 K                                  I MG N ET              S TEAL 42.02±0.05                     38.91±0.06               19.94±0.02             73.33±0.04
ATTACK             N ONE            100K                                   I MG N ET              S TEAL 75.07 ± 0.01                   76.32 ± 0.02             71.79 ± 0.06           89.76 ± 0.01
ATTACK             B4B              100 K                                  I MG N ET              S TEAL 19.27±0.03                     21.24±0.03               19.84±0.01             71.01±0.03
 S YBIL            B4B            50 K +50 K                               I MG N ET              S TEAL 45.56± 0.06                    42.50±0.02               24.25±0.03             78.01± 0.08



F.8          Additional evaluation of transformations

Additionally, we show the impact of transformations on the performance of legitimate users in Table 8
(for both SimSiam and DINO).

      GENERATE REPRESENTATIONS     TRANSFORM REPRESENTATIONS                                 TRAIN REFERENCE CLASSIFIER              TRAIN MAPPERS                      REMAP & ASSESS REPRESENTATIONS

                                                                       a          a
                                                                                                                              d                          c
                                    a                                                                                                                               d           FIXED      FIXED
      API                                                                                     c
      call                  a       a                                  c          d

                           0.7     0.7                               2.4         2.1
                                                                                                      Reference
                           -0.2    -0.2                              0.7         -0.5                  classfier


                           0.3     0.3                              -1.1         0.2
                                                                                                                           User #2        Mapper       User #1    User #2
                                                                   User #1   User #2                                       TRAIN                       TRAIN      TEST




Figure 13: Protocol to Evaluate the Mapping Between Representations. We present the protocol
of evaluating remappings for two sybil accounts. 1 API receives inputs from two sybil accounts
and generates corresponding representations. 2 Representations are transformed on a per-user
basis and returned. 3 Adversary trains a reference classifier on representations from account
one. 4 Adversary trains a linear model to find mapping from representations of account two to
representations of account one. 5 To check the quality of obtained mapping representations from
test set of account two are mapped using the fixed mapper (from step 4) to representation space of
account one. This enables the calculation of cosine distance between representations from account
one and their counterparts from account two shown in Figure 5. Additionally, the fixed reference
classifier (from step 3) can be used to measure the accuracy drop caused by remapping .




                                                                                                       22
Table 8: Impact of Transformations on the Performance for Legitimate Users. We show that
the transformations applied per-account do not harm the performance of legitimate users on their
downstream tasks. The victim encoders was trained on the ImageNet dataset using SimSiam and
DINO frameworks.
        T RANSFORMATION          E NCODER     CIFAR10       STL10       SVHN      F-MNIST
              N ONE            Victim SimSiam 90.41±0.02 95.08 ±0.13 75.47 ±0.04 91.22 ±0.11
              A FFINE            S IM S IAM   90.24 ±0.11 95.05 ±0.1 74.96 ±0.18 91.42 ±0.15
           PAD +S HUFFLE         S IM S IAM   90.4 ±0.05 95.34 ±0.06 75.47 ±0.01 91.38 ±0.15
      A FFINE +PAD +S HUFFLE     S IM S IAM   90.18 ±0.06 95.03 ±0.05 74.86 ±0.1 91.35 ±0.1
              B INARY            S IM S IAM   88.78 ±0.2 94.72 ±0.02 68.42 ±0.16 88.91 ±0.34
              N ONE             Victim DINO   94.51 ±0.08 97.98 ±0.04 70.66 ±0.16 89.98 ±0.03
              A FFINE              DINO       94.25 ±0.11 98.05 ±0.04 69.77 ±0.11 89.68 ±0.01
           PAD +S HUFFLE           DINO       94.72 ±0.02 98.07 ±0.03 70.44 ±0.1 89.91 ±0.08
      A FFINE +PAD +S HUFFLE       DINO       94.26 ±0.06 98.02 ±0.01 69.49 ±0.2 89.70 ±0.1
              B INARY              DINO       92.96 ±0.1 98.03 ±0.03 59.53 ±0.27 88.26 ±0.04




                                                23
