                                        Finding NeMo : Localizing Neurons Responsible For
                                                 Memorization in Diffusion Models


                                                                    Dominik Hintersdorf ∗1,2 Lukas Struppek∗ 1,2
                                                           Kristian Kersting1,2,3,4 Adam Dziedzic5 Franziska Boenisch5
                                                               1
                                                                 German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI)




arXiv:2406.02366v3 [cs.LG] 4 Nov 2024
                                                           2
                                                             Computer Science Department, Technical University of Darmstadt
                                                                           3
                                                                             Hessian Center for AI (Hessian.AI)
                                                            4
                                                              Centre for Cognitive Science, Technical University of Darmstadt
                                                                   5
                                                                     CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security



                                                                                         Abstract
                                                    Diffusion models (DMs) produce very detailed and high-quality images. Their
                                                    power results from extensive training on large amounts of data—usually scraped
                                                    from the internet without proper attribution or consent from content creators. Un-
                                                    fortunately, this practice raises privacy and intellectual property concerns, as DMs
                                                    can memorize and later reproduce their potentially sensitive or copyrighted training
                                                    images at inference time. Prior efforts prevent this issue by either changing the
                                                    input to the diffusion process, thereby preventing the DM from generating mem-
                                                    orized samples during inference, or removing the memorized data from training
                                                    altogether. While those are viable solutions when the DM is developed and de-
                                                    ployed in a secure and constantly monitored environment, they hold the risk of
                                                    adversaries circumventing the safeguards and are not effective when the DM itself
                                                    is publicly released. To solve the problem, we introduce N E M O, the first method
                                                    to localize memorization of individual data samples down to the level of neurons
                                                    in DMs’ cross-attention layers. Through our experiments, we make the intriguing
                                                    finding that in many cases, single neurons are responsible for memorizing particular
                                                    training samples. By deactivating these memorization neurons, we can avoid the
                                                    replication of training data at inference time, increase the diversity in the generated
                                                    outputs, and mitigate the leakage of private and copyrighted data. In this way, our
                                                    N E M O contributes to a more responsible deployment of DMs.


                                        1       Introduction
                                        In recent years, diffusion models (DMs) have made remarkable advances in image generation. In
                                        particular, text-to-image DMs, such as Stable Diffusion [32], DALL-E [30], or Deep Floyd [38] enable
                                        the generation of complex images given a textual input prompt. Yet, DMs carry a significant risk to
                                        privacy and intellectual property, as the models have been shown to generate verbatim copies of their
                                        potentially sensitive or copyrighted training data at inference time [8, 36]. This ability has often been
                                        linked to their memorization of training data [48, 12, 1, 5]. Memorization in DMs recently received
                                        a lot of attention [16, 47, 49, 8], and several mitigations have been proposed [46, 31, 36]. Those
                                        mitigations usually focus on either identifying potentially highly memorized samples and excluding
                                        them from training, monitoring inference and preventing their generation, or altering the inputs to
                                        prevent the verbatim output of training data [31, 36, 46]. While mitigations that rely on preventing
                                        the generation of memorized samples are effective when the DM is developed and deployed in a secure
                                            ∗
                                                equal contribution, corresponding authors: {hintersdorf, struppek}@cs.tu-darmstadt.de
                                                Code: https://github.com/ml-research/localizing_memorization_in_diffusion_models


                                        38th Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS 2024).
      Memorized                         Initial Selection               Candidate Neurons                     Refinement                 Memorization Neurons
    Training Sample
                                                                            Neuron #124                                                       Neuron #124
                                                                                                                 Noise
                                                                            Neuron #221                        Similarity                     Neuron #221

    “Living in the Light with
                                                                            Neuron #362                                                       Neuron #362
       Ann Graham Lotz”                                                                          No Blocked                  Blocked
                                                                                                  Neurons                   Candidates




                                   Identify Candidate Neurons                                      Remove Candidate Neurons
                                With Out-of-Distribution Activations                             Not Responsible for Memorization
    Generation with No                                                 Generation with Blocked                                           Generation with Blocked
    Blocked Neurons                                                      Candidate Neurons                                                Memorization Neurons


Figure 1: Overview of NeMo. For memorized prompts, we observe that the same (original training)
image is constantly generated independently of the initial random seed. This yields severe privacy
and copyright concerns. In the initial stage, N E M O first identifies candidate neurons potentially
responsible for the memorization based on out-of-distribution activations. In a refinement step,
N E M O detects the memorization neurons from the candidate set by leveraging the noise similarities
during the first denoising step. Deactivating memorization neurons prevents unintended memorization
behavior and induces diversity in the generated images.


environment, they hold the inherent risk of adversaries circumventing them. Additionally, they are
not effective when the DMs are publicly released, such that users can freely interact with them.
As a first step to solving this problem, we propose F INDING N EURON M E M ORIZATION (N E M O), a
new method for localizing where individual data samples are memorized inside the DMs. N E M O’s
localization tracks the memorization of training data samples down to the level of individual neurons
in the DMs’ cross-attention layers. To achieve this, N E M O relies on analyzing the different activation
patterns of individual neurons on memorized and non-memorized data samples and identifying
memorization neurons by outlier activation detection (as visualized in Fig. 2b). We empirically assess
the success of N E M O on the publicly available DM Stable Diffusion [32]. Our findings indicate that
most memorization happens in the value mappings of the cross-attention layers of DMs. Furthermore,
they highlight that most training data samples are memorized by just a few or even a single neuron,
which is surprising given the high resolution and complexity of the training data.
Based on the insights about where within the DMs individual data samples are memorized, we can
prevent their verbatim output by deactivating the identified memorization neuron(s). We demonstrate
the effect of N E M O in Fig. 1. Without our approach, the image generated for the memorized input
prompt is the same, independent of the random seed for generation. By localizing the neuron
responsible for the memorization through N E M O and deactivating it, we prevent the verbatim output
of the training data and instead cause the generation of various non-memorized related samples. Hence,
by relying on N E M O to localize and deactivate memorization neurons, we can limit memorization,
which mitigates the privacy and copyright issues while keeping the overall performance intact.
In summary, we make the following contributions:

• We propose N E M O, the first method to localize where memorization happens within DMs down to
  the level of individual neurons.
• Our extensive empirical evaluation of localizing memorization within Stable Diffusion reveals that
  few or even single neurons are responsible for the memorization.
• We limit the memorization in DMs by deactivating the highly memorizing neurons and further show
  that this leads to a higher diversity in the generated outputs.

2       Background and Related Work
2.1       Text-to-Image Synthesis with Diffusion Models

Diffusion models (DMs) [37, 19] are generative models trained by progressively adding random
Gaussian noise to training images and having the model learn to predict the added noise. After the
training is finished, new samples can be generated by sampling an initial noise image xT ∼ N (0, I)
and then iteratively removing portions of the predicted noise ϵθ (xt , t, y) at each time step t = T, . . . , 1.


                                                                                  2
This denoising process is formally defined by
                                                                       
                                      1          1 − αt
                            xt−1 = √       xt − √         ϵθ (xt , t, y) ,                          (1)
                                      αt          1 − ᾱt
                                                            Qt
with variance scheduler βt ∈ (0, 1), αt = 1 − βt and ᾱt = i=1 αt . The noise predictor ϵθ (xt , t, y),
usually a U-Net [33], receives an additional input y for conditional image generation.
Common text-to-image DMs [32, 30, 34] are conditioned on text embeddings y computed by pre-
trained text encoders like CLIP [29]. The typical way to incorporate the conditioning y into the
denoising process is the cross-attention mechanism [41]. (Cross-)Attention consists of three main
components: query matrices Q = zt WQ , key matrices K = yWK , and value matrices V = yWV .
All three matrices are computed by applying learned linear projections WQ , WK , and WV to the
hidden image representation zt and the text embeddings y. The attention outputs are computed by

                                                                QK T
                                                                      
                           Attention(Q, K, V ) = softmax         √         ·V ,                     (2)
                                                                   d

with scaling factor d. Importantly, in most text-to-image models, the noise predictor receives guidance
only through the cross-attention layers, which renders them particularly relevant for memorization.

2.2   Memorization in Deep Learning

Memorization. Memorization was extensively studied in supervised models and with respect to data
labels [48, 1, 9]. Recently, studies have been extended to unlabeled self-supervised learning [25, 43].
In both setups, it was shown that memorization is required for generalization [12, 13, 43]. However,
memorization also yields privacy risks [4, 7, 14, 40] since it can expose sensitive training data.
In particular for generative models, including DMs, it was shown that memorization enables the
extraction of training data points [4–6, 8, 36].
Localizing Memorization. Early work on localizing where inside machine learning (ML) models
memorization happens focuses on small neural networks. Initial findings suggested that in supervised
models, memorization happens in the deeper layers [2, 39]. However, more fine-grained analyses
contradict these findings and identify that individual units, i.e., individual neurons or convolutional
channels throughout the entire model, are responsible for memorization [24]. To identify these, Maini
et al. [24] deactivate units throughout the network until a label flip on the memorized training input
image occurs. However, due to the unavailability of labels, this approach does not transfer to DMs.
Memorization in Diffusion Models. Recent empirical studies connect the model architecture,
training data complexity, and the training procedure to the expected level of DM memorization [16],
while others connect memorization to the generalization of the generation process [47]. Two types of
memorization are usually distinguished: Verbatim memorization that replicates the training image
exactly. And template memorization that reproduces the general composition of the training image
while having some non-semantic variations at fixed image positions [45]. Existing approaches for
detecting memorized training samples are based on statistical differences in the model behavior
when queried with memorized prompts. These approaches explore differences in predicted noise
magnitudes [46], the distribution of attention scores [31], the amount of noise modification in one-step
synthesis [45], and the edge consistency in generated images [45]. Our work is orthogonal to these
detection methods, focusing on the exact localization of memorization in the DM’s U-Net rather than
detecting memorized samples.
Previously proposed methods for mitigating memorization during inference either rescale the attention
logits [31] or adjust the text embeddings with a gradient-based approach to minimize the magnitude
of noise predictions [46]. However, these inference time mitigation strategies are easy to deactivate
in practice and provide no permanent mitigation strategies for publicly released models. In contrast,
related training-based mitigation strategies [46, 31] require re-training an already trained model like
Stable Diffusion, which is time- and resource-intensive. We show that N E M O can reliably identify
individual neurons responsible for memorizing specific training samples. Pruning these neurons
effectively mitigates memorization, does not harm the general model performance, and provides a
more permanent solution to avoid training data replication.


                                                   3
                                         Non-Memorized                                         Non-Memorized
                                         Template                                              Memorized
                                         Verbatim
Density

             0.2       0.4      0.6      0.8       1.0            1.0    0.5    0.0    0.5     1.0    1.5    2.0
          (a) Pairwise SSIM scores for different prompts.       (b) Neuron activations standardized by the z-score.
  Figure 2: Differences Between Memorized and Non-memorized Prompts. (a) depicts the distribu-
  tion of pairwise SSIM scores between initial noise differences starting from different seeds. Since the
  noise trajectories are more consistent for memorized samples, the score reflects the degree of memo-
  rization. (b) shows the distribution of the z-scores of each neuron in the first cross-attention value
  layer. Memorization neurons produce considerably higher activations, here depicted as standardized
  z-scores, for memorized prompts, allowing them to be identified by outlier detection.


  3       NeMo: Localizing and Removing Memorization in Diffusion Models
  N E M O, our method for detecting memorization neurons, consists of a two-step selection process:
  (1) Initial Selection: We first identify a broad set of candidate neurons that might be responsible
  for memorizing a specific training sample. This initial selection is coarse-grained to speed up the
  computation among the many neurons in DMs. Consequently, it might select false positives, i.e.,
  neurons not directly responsible for memorization.
  (2) Refinement: In the refinement step, we filter neurons out to reduce the size of the initial candidate
  set. After refinement, we deactivate the remaining memorization neurons to remove memorization.
  In our study, we apply this two-step approach of N E M O to detect memorization neurons in the DM’s
  cross-attention layers, the only components that directly process the text embeddings. Image editing
  research [17, 42, 10] shows that cross-attention layers highly influence the generated content, so
  we expect them to be the driving force behind memorization. We analyze the impact of blocking
  individual key and value layers in Appx. C.8 and the influence of blocking neurons in the convolutional
  layers in Appx. C.9. Our results show that the value layers in the down- and mid-blocks of the U-
  Net indeed have the highest memorization effect, whereas value layers in the up-blocks barely
  affect the memorization. Deactivating the outputs of neurons in value layers completely blocks the
  information flow of the guidance signal and, hence, potential memorization triggers. Deactivating
  the key layers in cross-attention also impacts memorization but often impedes the image-prompt
  alignment. Similarly, deactivating neurons in the convolutional layers of the U-Net did not mitigate
  memorization. Therefore, we limit our search on memorization neurons to the value layers of the
  U-Net’s down- and mid-blocks. While the identified neurons effectively mitigate the data replication
  problem, we emphasize that other parts of the U-Net might also play a crucial role in memorizing
  training data. Specifically, the identified neurons trigger the data replication, which is then executed
  by other parts of the U-Net, such as convolutional and fully connected layers. Deactivating the
  memorization neurons in value layers effectively interrupts the memorization chain and replication
  process. Before detailing the two steps of N E M O’s selection process in Sec. 3.2 and Sec. 3.3, we
  first introduce how we quantify memorization strength in the next section. We provide detailed
  algorithmic descriptions for each of N E M O’s components in Appx. D.

  3.1      Quantifying the Memorization Strength

  Intuitively, the denoising process of DMs for memorized prompts follows a rather consistent trajectory
  to reconstruct the corresponding training image, yielding image generations with little diversity.
  Conversely, the denoising trajectory highly depends on the initially sampled noise for non-memorized
  prompts [46]. We measure the similarity between the first denoising steps for different initial seeds
  as a proxy to compare the denoising trajectories and to quantify the memorization strength. The
  higher the similarity, the more consistent the denoising trajectories, which indicates stronger memo-
  rization. Let xT ∼ N (0, I) be the initial noise following the denoising process described in Sec. 2.1.


                                                            4
Let ϵθ (xT , T, y) further denote the initial noise prediction. We found that the normalized difference
between the initial noise and the first noise prediction δ = ϵθ (xT , T, y) − xT for memorized prompts
is more consistent for different seeds than for non-memorized prompts. We visualize this phenomenon
for some initial noise differences in Appx. C.6.
To detect the grade of memorization, we, therefore, use the similarity between the noise differences
δ (i) and δ (j) generated with seeds i and j as a proxy. We measure the similarity with the common
structural similarity index measure (SSIM) [44]. A formal description of the SSIM ∈ [−1, 1] score
and an additional experiment outlining how the SSIM score can be used to detect memorization in
the first place is provided in Appx. B.4.
A higher SSIM indicates higher similarity between the noise differences, reflecting a higher degree
of memorization. Notably, the SSIM computation only requires a single denoising step per seed,
which makes the process fast. To set a memorization threshold τmem , starting from which we define a
sample as memorized, we first compute the mean SSIM on a holdout set of non-memorized prompts.
We compute the pairwise SSIM between ten different initial noise samples for each prompt and take
the maximum score. After that, we average the scores across all prompts and set the threshold τmem
to the mean plus one standard deviation. We consider the current image generation non-memorized if
the maximum pairwise SSIM scores are below this threshold τmem . Fig. 2a shows the distribution of
SSIM scores for memorized and non-memorized prompts, demonstrating that memorized prompts
lead to a substantially higher score.

3.2   Initial Candidate Selection for Memorization Neurons

With our measure for quantifying the strength of memorization defined, we move on to detail the first
step of our N E M O’ localization. Our initial neuron selection procedure is based on the observation
that activation patterns of memorized prompts differ from the ones of non-memorized prompts on the
neuron level. Fig. 2b underlines this observation by plotting the standardized activation scores for
memorized and non-memorized samples in the first value layer. Leveraging this insight, we identify
memorization neurons as the ones that exhibit an out-of-distribution (OOD) activation behavior. We
first compute the standard activation behavior of neurons on a separate hold-out set of non-memorized
prompts. Then, we compare the activation pattern of the neurons for memorized prompts and identify
neurons with OOD behavior. Let the cross-attention value layers of a DM be l ∈ {1, . . . , L}. We
denote the activation of the i-th neuron in the l-th layer for prompt y as ali (y). The activation values
are averaged across the absolute neuron activations for each token vector in the text embedding.
Let µli be the pre-computed mean activation and σil the corresponding standard deviation for this
neuron. To detect neurons potentially responsible for the memorization of a memorized prompt y, we
compute the standardized z-score [20], defined as
                                                     ali (y) − µli
                                         zil (y) =                 .                                 (3)
                                                           σil

The z-score quantifies the number of standard deviations σil by which the activation ali (y) is above or
below the mean activation µli . Here, the activation ali (y) is calculated by taking the mean over the
absolute token activations. To identify a neuron as exhibiting an OOD activation behavior, we set a
threshold θact and assume that neuron i in layer l has OOD behavior if |zil (y)| > θact . The lower the
threshold θact , the more neurons are labeled as OOD and added to the memorization neuron candidate
set. An algorithmic description of the OOD detection step is provided in Alg. 2 in Appx. D.2.
Fig. 2a shows that the pairwise SSIM score can be used to measure the generated sample’s degree
of memorization. Hence, to get an initial selection of memorization neurons, we calculate the
standardized z-scores for all neurons and start with a relatively high value of θact = 5. We deactivate
all neurons with OOD activations given the current threshold θact , i.e., setting the output of a neuron
to 0 if |zil (y)| > θact , to reduce the memorization strength. If, after deactivating these neurons,
the memorization score is not below the threshold τmem , we then iteratively decrease the activation
threshold θact by 0.25 and update the candidate set until the target memorization score τmem is reached.
The activation patterns of some neurons in the network show high variance, even on non-memorized
prompts. Such neurons can also be memorization neurons, but due to their high activation variance,
they might not be detected by our OOD approach based solely on the z-scores. Therefore, we also
add the top-k neurons of each layer with the highest absolute activation on the memorized prompt y


                                                      5
to our current candidate set to account for such high-variance neurons. We start by setting k = 0
and increase k at each iteration by one if the memorization score is still above the threshold τmem .
We detail our initial selection process in Alg. 3 in Appx. D.3. All neurons identified by our OOD
approach and the neurons with the k highest activations are then collected in the neuron set Sinitial .
Since not all neurons in set Sinitial might be memorization neurons, we refine this set in the next step.

3.3   Refinement of the Candidate Set

In this step, we take the set of identified neurons Srefined = Sinitial and remove the neurons that are
actually not responsible for memorization. To speed up this process, we first group the identified
                                                    l
neurons layer-wise, leading to the neuron set Srefined   for layer l. We iterate over the individual layers
                                                            l
l ∈ {1, . . . , L} and re-activate all identified neurons Srefined from a single layer l while keeping the
identified neurons in the remaining layers deactivated.
We then compute the SSIM-based memorization score and check if it is still below the threshold τmem .
If the memorization score does not increase above the threshold τmem , we consider the candidate
           l
neurons Srefined of layer l as not memorizing and remove them from our set of neurons Srefined . After
iterating over all layers, the set Srefined only contains neurons from layers that substantially influence
the memorization score.
Next, we individually check each remaining neuron in the set Srefined by re-activating this particular
neuron while keeping all other neurons in the set Srefined deactivated. Again, if the memorization score
computed on the remaining deactivated neurons does not exceed the memorization threshold τmem ,
we remove this neuron from the set Srefined . After iterating over all neurons in Srefined , we consider
the remaining neurons as memorizing and denote the final set of memorization neurons as Sfinal . We
detail this refinement approach in Alg. 4 in Appx. D.4.

4     Experiments
We now empirically evaluate N E M O’s localization in text-to-image DMs.
Models and Datasets: We follow current research on memorization in DMs [46, 31] and investigate
memorization in Stable Diffusion v1.4 [32]. Our set of memorized prompts consists of 500 LAION
prompts [35] provided by Wen et al. [46]. We analyzed the prompts using the Self-Supervised
Descriptor (SSCD) score [28], a model designed to detect and quantify copying in DMs. The lower the
score, the less similar the contents in the image pairs. Additionally, we split the dataset into verbatim-
(VM) and template-memorized (TM) samples to enable a more detailed analysis of results. The
hyperparameter selection and experimental conduction are independent of the type of memorization.
If not further specified, we used the same hyperparameters for all the experiments in the paper.
Images generated by VM prompts match the training image exactly, i.e., pixel-wise, independent of
the chosen seed. TM prompts, on the other hand, reproduce the general composition of the training
image while having some non-semantic variations at fixed image positions. Details about the analysis
and the annotation can be found in Appx. C.1.
Other publicly available models, like Stable Diffusion v2 and Deep Floyd [38], are trained on more
carefully curated and deduplicated datasets. We thoroughly checked for memorized prompts using the
tools by Webster [45] and our SSIM-based memorization score but could not identify any properly
memorized prompts. This result aligns with related research on memorization in DMs [46, 31].
Metrics: We split our metrics into memorization, diversity, and quality metrics. The memorization
metrics measure the degree of memorization still present in the generated images. We generate ten
images for each memorized prompt with activated/deactivated memorization neurons and measure
the cosine similarities between image pairs using SSCD embeddings to quantify the memorization.
We denote this metric by SSCDGen . Since the generated images without deactivated neurons also
differ in their degree of memorization from the original training images, we additionally measure
the degree of memorization towards the original training images and denote this metric as SSCDOrig .
Higher SSCD scores indicate a higher degree of memorization.
Our diversity metric assesses the variety of images generated for the same memorized prompt with
different seeds. Diversity is usually low for memorized samples, and generated images almost always
depict the same image. Deactivating memorization neurons increases the diversity in the generations.


                                                    6
Table 1: Impact of Deactivating the Memorization Neurons. Keeping all neurons active (1st row)
and randomly deactivating neurons (3rd row) has no impact on memorization. However, deactivating
the memorization neurons located by N E M O (8th row) successfully mitigates memorization, increases
diversity, and maintains prompt alignment. These results are comparable to the gradient-based
mitigation strategies adjusting the prompt embeddings (2nd row) and the attention scaling (4th row).
Adding random tokens also reduces memorization. However, for 1 or 4 tokens, the memorization, as
quantified by the SSCD scores, is still higher than with deactivated memorization neurons. Adding
10 random tokens leads to comparable mitigation but also reduces the prompt alignment score.
 Setting                                           Memorization Type   Deactivated Neurons   ↓ SSCD Orig   ↓ SSCD Gen      ↓ DSSCD        ↑ ACLIP
                                                       Verbatim                 0            0.83 ± 0.16     1.0 ± 0.0    0.99 ± 0.01   0.32 ± 0.02
 All Neurons Activate (Default)
                                                       Template                 0            0.04 ± 0.04     1.0 ± 0.0    0.17 ± 0.06   0.31 ± 0.02
                                                       Verbatim                 0            0.04 ± 0.02    0.08 ± 0.03   0.08 ± 0.03   0.30 ± 0.02
 Prompt Embedding Adjustment (Wen et al. [46])
                                                       Template                 0            0.03 ± 0.02    0.08 ± 0.03   0.09 ± 0.03   0.31 ± 0.02
                                                       Verbatim               4±3            0.80 ± 0.11   0.999 ± 0.0    0.99 ± 0.01   0.32 ± 0.02
 Deactivating Random Neurons
                                                       Template              21 ± 18         0.05 ± 0.04   0.997 ± 0.0    0.16 ± 0.06   0.31 ± 0.02
                                                       Verbatim                 0            0.08 ± 0.04    0.14 ± 0.07   0.15 ± 0.05   0.31 ± 0.02
 Attention Scaling (Ren et al. [31])
                                                       Template                 0            0.05 ± 0.02    0.19 ± 0.12   0.12 ± 0.03   0.31 ± 0.02
                                                       Verbatim                 0            0.59 ± 0.31    0.68 ± 0.31   0.67 ± 0.33   0.31 ± 0.02
 Adding 1 Random Token (Somepalli et al. [36])
                                                       Template                 0            0.04 ± 0.03    0.16 ± 0.05   0.17 ± 0.05   0.31 ± 0.02
                                                       Verbatim                 0            0.09 ± 0.06    0.12 ± 0.09   0.15 ± 0.06   0.30 ± 0.02
 Adding 4 Random Tokens (Somepalli et al. [36])
                                                       Template                 0            0.04 ± 0.03    0.13 ± 0.04   0.15 ± 0.04   0.30 ± 0.02
                                                       Verbatim                 0            0.03 ± 0.02    0.07 ± 0.05   0.11 ± 0.03   0.28 ± 0.03
 Adding 10 Random Tokens (Somepalli et al. [36])
                                                       Template                 0            0.03 ± 0.03    0.08 ± 0.05   0.12 ± 0.04   0.29 ± 0.03
                                                       Verbatim               4±3            0.09 ± 0.06   0.10 ± 0.07    0.16 ± 0.06   0.31 ± 0.02
 Deactivating Memorization Neurons (N E M O)
                                                       Template              21 ± 18         0.05 ± 0.03   0.05 ± 0.04    0.12 ± 0.05   0.31 ± 0.02




We quantify the sample diversity by computing the pairwise cosine similarity between the SSCD
embeddings of different images generated for the same prompt. We refer to this metric as DSSCD , for
which lower values indicate more image diversity.
To assess the overall image quality of a DM with activated/deactivated neurons, we compute the Fréchet
Inception Distance (FID) [18], the CLIP-FID [21], and the Kernel Inception Distance (KID) [3]
on COCO [22] prompts. All quality computations follow Parmar et al. [26] to avoid biased results.
Additionally, we compute the similarities between the generated images and the input prompts using
CLIP scores [29] to ensure the alignment ACLIP between generated images and their prompts. The
higher the alignment, the better the generated images represent the concepts described in the prompt.
Importantly, we use different seeds for detecting memorization neurons with N E M O and the metric
computations to avoid undesired biases during the evaluation due to seed overfitting. We always state
each metric’s median value and absolute deviation across ten seeds, except the quality metrics (FID,
CLIP-FID, KID, and ACLIP ), for which we used five different seeds.
Memorization Threshold: We set the memorization score threshold to τmem = 0.428, which
corresponds to the mean plus one standard deviation of the pairwise SSIM score between initial noise
differences measured on a holdout dataset of 50,000 LAION [35] prompts.
Baselines: As a baseline, we repeated the image generations five times but replaced the deactivated
memorization neurons with random neurons from the same layer. We also generated images using
the inference mitigation strategy proposed by Wen et al. [46], which performs a gradient-based
adjustment of the text embeddings. Importantly, gradient-based mitigation strategies are memory-
intensive, particularly for larger batch sizes. N E M O, however, computes no gradients, which enables
the approach to also work on machines with limited computing resources. Additionally, we also
selected the attention scaling method by Ren et al. [31] and the addition of random tokens, proposed
by Somepalli et al. [36], as baselines.

4.1        Localizing Memorization Down To Individual Neurons

We begin by demonstrating the effectiveness of our memorization localization method. Tab. 1 presents
the quantitative results for images generated with the identified memorization neurons deactivated.
N E M O detected a median of 4 and 21 memorization neurons for VM and TM prompts, respectively.
For VM prompts, deactivating these memorization neurons significantly decreases memorization, as
reflected by low memorization metrics SSCDOrig and SSCDGen , while increasing the image diversity
in terms of pairwise similarity DSSCD . However, the SSCDOrig does not change noticeably for
TM prompts.


                                                                         7
     Memorization

                                  3                     1                     3                                  1                         4

 Blocked

 Neurons




 Figure 3: Impact of Deactivating Memorization Neurons. The top row shows images generated
 with memorized prompts, closely replicating the training images. The bottom row demonstrates that
 deactivating memorization neurons increases diversity and mitigates memorization. Notably, only a
 few neurons (counts indicated by digits in the boxes) are responsible for these memorizations.


                                                                                                 12
                                                               Template


Prompt Count                                                                      Neuron Count
                    30                                         Verbatim
                                                                                                 10
                                                                                                  8
                    20                                                                            6

                    10                                                                            4
                                                                                                  2
                     0
                         0            10      20       30      40                                 0
                                                                                                      1     2        3       4         5   6   7
                                           Number of Neurons                                                             Layer Index

                             (a) Memorization neurons per prompt.                                     (b) Memorization neurons per layer.
  Figure 4: Distribution of Memorization Neurons. (a) shows the number of prompts that are
  memorized by a fixed number of neurons, e.g., the verbatim memorization of 28 prompts is located
  in single neurons. (b) depicts the average number of memorization neurons per layer and prompt.


 This behavior results from the fact that TM prompts typically memorize specific parts of the original
 training image, such as objects or compositions, rendering the SSCDOrig metric less informative. In
 contrast, the SSCDGen score, which compares similarities between images generated with and without
 the deactivated neurons, provides a more accurate measure. This score highlights that deactivating the
 identified neurons effectively alters the images and mitigates memorization. Importantly, the image-
 prompt alignment ACLIP remains constant in all cases, indicating that deactivating memorization
 neurons does not result in misguided image generations. We visualize examples of deactivating
 memorization neurons to avoid data replication and increase diversity in Fig. 3.
  Comparing the results of deactivating the neurons identified by N E M O with those obtained from
  randomly deactivated neurons highlights that only a specific subset of neurons is actually responsible
  for memorizing a prompt. While deactivating the identified memorization neurons significantly
  impacts both memorization and the diversity of the generated images, randomly deactivating neurons
  has no noticeable effect.
  Moreover, the mitigation effect of deactivating memorization neurons is comparable to the state-
  of-the-art method of adjusting the prompt embeddings [46]. Yet, adjusting the prompt embeddings
  requires gradient computations for each seed and prompt, which are time- and memory-expensive,
  especially with large batch sizes. In contrast, once the memorization neurons are identified using our
  gradient-free N E M O, no additional computations are needed during image generations, thus adding
  no overhead to the generation process.

  4.2                    Analyzing the Distribution of Memorization Neurons

 Next, we analyze the distribution of the memorization neurons. Fig. 4a shows the total number of
 neurons responsible for memorizing specific prompts. Typically, a small set of neurons is responsible
 for verbatim memorization. For instance, 28 VM prompts from our dataset are memorized by a
 single neuron. Additionally, five or fewer neurons replicate two-thirds of VM images, indicating that
 verbatim memorization can often be precisely localized within the model. Template memorization can
 also frequently be pinpointed to a small set of neurons, with about 30% of TV replication triggered
 by five or fewer neurons.


                                                                          8
         17.5        Random             Top-K                           1.0
                                                                                   VM         SSCDOrig
      FID17.0
         16.5
                                                                        0.8        TM         SSCDGen

                                                           SSCD Value
         16.0                                                           0.6
      6.25e-3                                                           0.4
  KID 6.00e-3
      5.75e-3                                                           0.2
      5.50e-3                                                           0.0
                25 100      250          500         750                      -1 -0.75 -0.5 -0.25 0 0.25 0.5 0.75 1
                         Number of Neurons Blocked                                           Scaling Factor
  (a) Assessing image quality using FID and KID.            (b) Scaling the activations of memorization neurons.
Figure 5: Image Quality and Sensitivity to Scaling Factor. (a) assesses the generated images’
quality when blocking an increasing number of neurons. As can be seen, the FID and KID values vary
only slightly, indicating that blocking neurons identified by N E M O does not negatively affect image
generation quality. Gray lines indicate the baseline without any neurons blocked. (b) investigates the
effect of scaling the memorization neurons’ activations by a scaling factor instead of deactivating
them (scaling by zero). Whereas positively scaling memorization neuron activations only slightly
reduces memorization, negative scaling reduces the memorization not any further.


However, approximately one-third of TM prompts are distributed across 50 or more neurons. We
hypothesize that this broader distribution results from the higher variation in generated images for TM
prompts, where memorization spread across multiple neurons leads to increased image diversity. In
contrast, VM prompts, often memorized by a small group of neurons, consistently produce the same
image without variation. More detailed plots of the identified neurons can be found in Appx. C.2.
Interestingly, we identify two neurons in the first cross-attention value layer responsible for the
verbatim memorization of multiple prompts. Neuron #25 in this layer is associated with depicting
people, while neuron #221 is responsible for memorizing multiple podcast covers. Together, these
neurons account for memorizing 17% of our dataset’s VM prompts. Similarly, neurons #507 and
#517 in the third value layer are responsible for multiple TM prompts describing iPhone cases. The
impact of deactivating these neurons on the image generation of memorized prompts is visualized in
Appx. C.5. We also plot the distribution of the average layer-wise number of memorization neurons
per prompt in Fig. 4b. Neurons responsible for VM prompts are primarily located in the value
mappings of the first cross-attention layers within the U-Net’s down-blocks (each block contains
two cross-attention layers). A similar pattern appears for TM prompts, although value layers located
deeper in the U-Net seem to play a more crucial role for TM prompts than for VM prompts.

4.3   Memorization Neurons Hardly Influence Non-Memorized Prompts

Until now, our focus has been on the impact of deactivating memorization neurons on memorized
prompts. In this part, we investigate how these neurons influence non-memorized prompts and
the overall image quality of the DM. To assess their impact, we deactivate varying numbers of
memorization neurons, ordered by their frequency of occurrence as identified in our experiments,
and compute the FID and KID scores on the COCO dataset. We also repeat the generations by
deactivating the same number of randomly selected neurons that are not among the identified
memorization neurons. As shown in Fig. 5a, there is no significant degradation in the image quality
when blocking either the random neurons or the memorization neurons, even with up to 750 blocked
neurons. This finding underscores the potential for pruning memorization neurons in DMs without
compromising the overall image quality. The plot for the CLIP-FID metric and more detailed plots
of the other two metrics, as well as an additional experiment measuring the disentanglement of the
neurons in the value layers, can be found in Appx. C.3.

4.4   Ablation Study and Sensitivity Analysis

We further analyze the impact of each component of N E M O and its sensitivity to hyperparameter
selection. We discuss the most crucial insights here, with the complete study included in Appx. C.7.
First, we evaluate the impact of different memorization thresholds θmem . Lowering this threshold
slightly increases the number of identified neurons but has a negligible effect on performance metrics.


                                                       9
Selecting this threshold based on statistics computed on a holdout set provides a simple yet effective
way for hyperparameter selection.
Additionally, we compare the results of using both stages of N E M O versus a setting where we only
perform the initial candidate selection, skipping the refinement process. Although memorization
is successfully mitigated by deactivating the initially selected neurons, the number of identified
memorization neurons increases substantially, resulting in a median of 26.5 neurons (+22.5 neurons)
for VM prompts and 674.5 neurons (+653.5 neurons) for TM prompts. This highlights the importance
of the refinement stage in reducing the number of neurons necessary to mitigate memorization
efficiently. To further test whether the assumptions about the statistics of memorization neurons hold,
we applied N E M O to a set of 500 non-memorized prompts not used to calibrate our thresholds. As
we further show, N E M O does not identify any neurons for most of the non-memorized prompts,
underscoring the validity of our assumptions.
We also compared the effect of completely deactivating the identified memorization neurons to
down-scaling their activations by a fixed factor. The SSCD scores in Fig. 5b, computed for different
scaling factors, demonstrate that memorization is not fully mitigated when using a positive scaling
factor. Conversely, negative scaling factors do not provide any additional mitigation compared to our
default setting of deactivating the neurons (i.e., using a factor of zero).


5   Conclusion and Outlook

DMs have rapidly become a cornerstone of computer vision. Yet, problems like memorization of
training samples can lead to undesired replication of potentially sensitive or copyrighted training
images. Previous research has primarily focused on identifying memorized prompts and proposing
mitigation strategies by adjusting the DM’s input. However, there has been a lack of understanding
regarding the precise location of memorization within the model.
Our research provides novel insights into the memorization mechanisms in text-to-image DMs. Unlike
previous studies that focused on identifying memorized prompts, our approach, N E M O, is the first to
localize memorization within the model and pinpoint individual neurons responsible for it. Traditional
pruning methods [11] are orthogonal to our approach by pruning only structures to reduce the total
parameter count of the model. Our memorization localization algorithm enables model providers
to prune these memorization neurons, effectively mitigating memorization permanently without
additional model training, which can be costly in terms of data and resources. Our mitigation can
be executed without compromising the model’s overall performance or the quality of the generated
images, allowing model providers to deploy the resulting models without additional safeguards to
prevent memorization.
There are several directions to expand and build upon our method for detecting neurons responsible
for memorization. One intriguing avenue is to investigate whether an adjusted version of N E M O can
detect concept neurons [23]. These neurons are not responsible for memorizing a certain prompt but
for generating a particular concept. Such an approach could enable model providers and users to
perform knowledge editing [15] and remove undesired concepts like violence and nudity. Another
exciting application for N E M O is in large language models, also known for memorizing training
samples [5]. Identifying neurons responsible for memorizing text from the training data could lead to
new mitigation strategies.
Additionally, our insights could be interesting for developing new pruning algorithms for DMs to
reduce the number of parameters while eliminating unintended memorization. As demonstrated in
our experiments, pruning memorization neurons does not significantly impact the model’s overall
performance, which is crucial for effective pruning strategies.


Acknowledgments and Disclosure of Funding

This work has been financially supported by the German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence
(DFKI) project “SAINT”. The project also received funding from the Initiative and Networking Fund
of the Helmholtz Association in the framework of the Helmholtz AI project call under the name
“PAFMIM” with funding number ZT-I-PF-5-227. Responsibility for the content of this publication
lies with the author.


                                                  10
References
 [1] Devansh Arpit, Stanisław Jastrzebski, Nicolas Ballas, David Krueger, Emmanuel Bengio,
     Maxinder S Kanwal, Tegan Maharaj, Asja Fischer, Aaron Courville, Yoshua Bengio, et al. A
     closer look at memorization in deep networks. In International conference on machine learning,
     pages 233–242. PMLR, 2017.
 [2] Robert Baldock, Hartmut Maennel, and Behnam Neyshabur. Deep learning through the lens
     of example difficulty. Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems, 34:10876–10889,
     2021.
 [3] Mikolaj Binkowski, Danica J. Sutherland, Michael Arbel, and Arthur Gretton. Demystifying
     MMD gans. In International Conference on Learning Representations (ICLR), 2018.

 [4] Nicholas Carlini, Chang Liu, Úlfar Erlingsson, Jernej Kos, and Dawn Song. The secret sharer:
     Evaluating and testing unintended memorization in neural networks. In 28th USENIX Security
     Symposium (USENIX Security 19), pages 267–284, 2019.
 [5] Nicholas Carlini, Florian Tramer, Eric Wallace, Matthew Jagielski, Ariel Herbert-Voss, Kather-
     ine Lee, Adam Roberts, Tom Brown, Dawn Song, Ulfar Erlingsson, et al. Extracting training
     data from large language models. In 30th USENIX Security Symposium (USENIX Security 21),
     pages 2633–2650, 2021.
 [6] Nicholas Carlini, Daphne Ippolito, Matthew Jagielski, Katherine Lee, Florian Tramer, and
     Chiyuan Zhang. Quantifying memorization across neural language models. In The Eleventh
     International Conference on Learning Representations, 2022.
 [7] Nicholas Carlini, Matthew Jagielski, Chiyuan Zhang, Nicolas Papernot, Andreas Terzis, and
     Florian Tramer. The privacy onion effect: Memorization is relative. Advances in Neural
     Information Processing Systems, 35:13263–13276, 2022.
 [8] Nicolas Carlini, Jamie Hayes, Milad Nasr, Matthew Jagielski, Vikash Sehwag, Florian Tramer,
     Borja Balle, Daphne Ippolito, and Eric Wallace. Extracting training data from diffusion models.
     In 32nd USENIX Security Symposium (USENIX Security 23), pages 5253–5270, 2023.
 [9] Satrajit Chatterjee. Learning and memorization. In International conference on machine
     learning, pages 755–763. PMLR, 2018.
[10] Minghao Chen, Iro Laina, and Andrea Vedaldi. Training-free layout control with cross-attention
     guidance. In Winter Conference on Applications of Computer Vision (WACV), pages 5331–5341,
     2024.
[11] Gongfan Fang, Xinyin Ma, and Xinchao Wang. Structural pruning for diffusion models. In
     Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS), 2023.
[12] Vitaly Feldman. Does learning require memorization? a short tale about a long tail. In
     Proceedings of the 52nd Annual ACM SIGACT Symposium on Theory of Computing, pages
     954–959, 2020.
[13] Vitaly Feldman and Chiyuan Zhang. What neural networks memorize and why: Discovering
     the long tail via influence estimation. Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems, 33:
     2881–2891, 2020.
[14] Matt Fredrikson, Somesh Jha, and Thomas Ristenpart. Model inversion attacks that exploit
     confidence information and basic countermeasures. In Proceedings of the 22nd ACM SIGSAC
     conference on computer and communications security, pages 1322–1333, 2015.
[15] Rohit Gandikota, Hadas Orgad, Yonatan Belinkov, Joanna Materzynska, and David Bau. Unified
     concept editing in diffusion models. In Winter Conference on Applications of Computer Vision
     (WACV), pages 5099–5108, 2024.
[16] Xiangming Gu, Chao Du, Tianyu Pang, Chongxuan Li, Min Lin, and Ye Wang. On Memoriza-
     tion in Diffusion Models. arXiv preprint, arXiv:2310.02664, 2023.


                                                11
[17] Amir Hertz, Ron Mokady, Jay Tenenbaum, Kfir Aberman, Yael Pritch, and Daniel Cohen-
     Or. Prompt-to-prompt image editing with cross-attention control. In Eleventh International
     Conference on Learning Representations (ICLR), 2023.

[18] Martin Heusel, Hubert Ramsauer, Thomas Unterthiner, Bernhard Nessler, and Sepp Hochreiter.
     Gans trained by a two time-scale update rule converge to a local nash equilibrium. In Conference
     on Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS), page 6629–6640, 2017.

[19] Jonathan Ho, Ajay Jain, and Pieter Abbeel. Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Models. In
     Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS), pages 6840–6851, 2020.

[20] Erwin Kreyszig, Herbert Kreyszig, and E. J. Norminton. Advanced Engineering Mathematics.
     Wiley, tenth edition, 2011.

[21] Tuomas Kynkäänniemi, Tero Karras, Miika Aittala, Timo Aila, and Jaakko Lehtinen. The role
     of imagenet classes in fréchet inception distance. In Eleventh International Conference on
     Learning Representations (ICLR), 2023.

[22] Tsung-Yi Lin, Michael Maire, Serge J. Belongie, James Hays, Pietro Perona, Deva Ramanan,
     Piotr Dollár, and C. Lawrence Zitnick. Microsoft coco: Common objects in context. In
     European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV), pages 740–755, 2014.

[23] Zhiheng Liu, Ruili Feng, Kai Zhu, Yifei Zhang, Kecheng Zheng, Yu Liu, Deli Zhao, Jingren
     Zhou, and Yang Cao. Cones: Concept Neurons in Diffusion Models for Customized Generation.
     In Andreas Krause, Emma Brunskill, Kyunghyun Cho, Barbara Engelhardt, Sivan Sabato, and
     Jonathan Scarlett, editors, International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML), 2023.

[24] Pratyush Maini, Michael Curtis Mozer, Hanie Sedghi, Zachary Chase Lipton, J Zico Kolter, and
     Chiyuan Zhang. Can neural network memorization be localized? In International Conference
     on Machine Learning, pages 23536–23557. PMLR, 2023.

[25] Casey Meehan, Florian Bordes, Pascal Vincent, Kamalika Chaudhuri, and Chuan Guo. Do ssl
     models have déjà vu? a case of unintended memorization in self-supervised learning. Advances
     in Neural Information Processing Systems, 36, 2024.

[26] Gaurav Parmar, Richard Zhang, and Jun-Yan Zhu. On aliased resizing and surprising subtleties
     in gan evaluation. In Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR), pages
     11400–11410, 2022.

[27] Adam Paszke, Sam Gross, Francisco Massa, Adam Lerer, James Bradbury, Gregory Chanan,
     Trevor Killeen, Zeming Lin, Natalia Gimelshein, Luca Antiga, Alban Desmaison, Andreas
     Köpf, Edward Yang, Zachary DeVito, Martin Raison, Alykhan Tejani, Sasank Chilamkurthy,
     Benoit Steiner, Lu Fang, Junjie Bai, and Soumith Chintala. PyTorch: An Imperative Style,
     High-Performance Deep Learning Library. In Conference on Neural Information Processing
     Systems (NeurIPS), pages 8024–8035, 2019.

[28] Ed Pizzi, Sreya Dutta Roy, Sugosh Nagavara Ravindra, Priya Goyal, and Matthijs Douze. A
     self-supervised descriptor for image copy detection. In Conference on Computer Vision and
     Pattern Recognition (CVPR), pages 14512–14522, 2022.

[29] Alec Radford, Jong Wook Kim, Chris Hallacy, Aditya Ramesh, Gabriel Goh, Sandhini Agar-
     wal, Girish Sastry, Amanda Askell, Pamela Mishkin, Jack Clark, Gretchen Krueger, and Ilya
     Sutskever. Learning transferable visual models from natural language supervision. In Interna-
     tional Conference on Machine Learning (ICML), pages 8748–8763, 2021.

[30] Aditya Ramesh, Prafulla Dhariwal, Alex Nichol, Casey Chu, and Mark Chen. Hierarchical
     text-conditional image generation with CLIP latents. arXiv preprint, arXiv:2204.06125, 2022.

[31] Jie Ren, Yaxin Li, Shenglai Zeng, Han Xu, Lingjuan Lyu, Yue Xing, and Jiliang Tang. Unveiling
     and Mitigating Memorization in Text-to-image Diffusion Models through Cross Attention. arXiv
     preprint, arXiv:2403.11052, 2024.


                                                 12
[32] Robin Rombach, Andreas Blattmann, Dominik Lorenz, Patrick Esser, and Björn Ommer. High-
     resolution image synthesis with latent diffusion models. In Conference on Computer Vision and
     Pattern Recognition (CVPR), pages 10684–10695, 2022.
[33] Olaf Ronneberger, Philipp Fischer, and Thomas Brox. U-net: Convolutional networks for
     biomedical image segmentation. In Medical Image Computing and Computer-Assisted Inter-
     vention (MICCAI), pages 234–241, 2015.
[34] Chitwan Saharia, William Chan, Saurabh Saxena, Lala Li, Jay Whang, Emily L. Denton, Seyed
     Kamyar Seyed Ghasemipour, Raphael Gontijo Lopes, Burcu Karagol Ayan, Tim Salimans,
     Jonathan Ho, David J. Fleet, and Mohammad Norouzi. Photorealistic text-to-image diffusion
     models with deep language understanding. In Conference on Neural Information Processing
     Systems (NeurIPS), 2022.
[35] Christoph Schuhmann, Romain Beaumont, Richard Vencu, Cade Gordon, Ross Wightman,
     Mehdi Cherti, Theo Coombes, Aarush Katta, Clayton Mullis, Mitchell Wortsman, Patrick
     Schramowski, Srivatsa Kundurthy, Katherine Crowson, Ludwig Schmidt, Robert Kaczmarczyk,
     and Jenia Jitsev. LAION-5B: An open large-scale dataset for training next generation image-text
     models. In Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS), 2022.
[36] Gowthami Somepalli, Vasu Singla, Micah Goldblum, Jonas Geiping, and Tom Goldstein.
     Understanding and mitigating copying in diffusion models. Advances in Neural Information
     Processing Systems, 36:47783–47803, 2023.
[37] Yang Song and Stefano Ermon. Improved Techniques for Training Score-Based Generative
     Models. In Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS), pages 12438–
     12448, 2020.
[38] StabilityAI. DeepFloyd IF: a novel state-of-the-art open-source text-to-image model with a
     high degree of photorealism and language understanding. https://www.deepfloyd.ai/
     deepfloyd-if, 2023. Retrieved on 2023-11-08.
[39] Cory Stephenson, Abhinav Ganesh, Yue Hui, Hanlin Tang, SueYeon Chung, et al. On the geom-
     etry of generalization and memorization in deep neural networks. In International Conference
     on Learning Representations, 2020.
[40] Lukas Struppek, Dominik Hintersdorf, Antonio De Almeida Correia, Antonia Adler, and
     Kristian Kersting. Plug & Play Attacks: Towards Robust and Flexible Model Inversion Attacks.
     In International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML), pages 20522–20545, 2022.
[41] Ashish Vaswani, Noam Shazeer, Niki Parmar, Jakob Uszkoreit, Llion Jones, Aidan N. Gomez,
     Lukasz Kaiser, and Illia Polosukhin. Attention is all you need. In Conference on Neural
     Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS), pages 5998–6008, 2017.
[42] Kai Wang, Fei Yang, Shiqi Yang, Muhammad Atif Butt, and Joost van de Weijer. Dynamic
     prompt learning: Addressing cross-attention leakage for text-based image editing. In Conference
     on Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS), 2023.
[43] Wenhao Wang, Muhammad Ahmad Kaleem, Adam Dziedzic, Michael Backes, Nicolas Papernot,
     and Franziska Boenisch. Memorization in Self-Supervised Learning Improves Downstream
     Generalization. In International Conference on Learning Representations (ICLR), 2024.
[44] Zhou Wang, Alan C. Bovik, Hamid R. Sheikh, and Eero P. Simoncelli. Image quality assessment:
     from error visibility to structural similarity. IEEE Transactions on Image Processing, 13:600–
     612, 2004.
[45] Ryan Webster. A reproducible extraction of training images from diffusion models. arXiv
     preprint, arXiv:2305.08694, 2023.
[46] Yuxin Wen, Yuchen Liu, Chen Chen, and Lingjuan Lyu. Detecting, Explaining, and Mitigating
     Memorization in Diffusion Models. In International Conference on Learning Representations
     (ICLR), 2024.


                                                13
[47] TaeHo Yoon, Joo Young Choi, Sehyun Kwon, and Ernest K. Ryu. Diffusion Probabilistic
     Models Generalize when They Fail to Memorize. In ICML Workshop on Structured Probabilistic
     Inference & Generative Modeling, 2023.
[48] Chiyuan Zhang, Samy Bengio, Moritz Hardt, Benjamin Recht, and Oriol Vinyals. Understanding
     deep learning requires rethinking generalization. In International Conference on Learning
     Representations, 2016.
[49] Xiaosen Zheng, Tianyu Pang, Chao Du, Jing Jiang, and Min Lin. Intriguing properties of
     data attribution on diffusion models. In The Twelfth International Conference on Learning
     Representations, 2024. URL https://openreview.net/forum?id=vKViCoKGcB.




                                              14
A     Limitations

Highly Memorized Prompts: For certain memorized prompts, our method identifies a set of over 100
neurons. Upon closer examination, we found that in these cases, memorization is distributed across
many neurons in various layers, rather than being concentrated in a small group. Even deactivating a
substantial number of neurons in the network does not eliminate memorization for these prompts.
However, such instances, primarily TM prompts, were rare in our experiments. We provide examples
of highly memorized prompts in Appx. C.4.
Mitigating Template Memorization Is Harder Than Verbatim Memorization: Deactivating
memorization neurons is effective for mitigating verbatim memorization, and often requires only
a small number of neurons to be deactivated. In contrast, mitigating template memorization often
requires deactivating more neurons, and even then, complete removal of memorization is not always
possible in some rare cases. This difficulty arises because template memorization frequently results
in diverse generations, with the memorized content corresponding to only certain aspects of the
image. Distinguishing between these memorized parts and the remaining image parts is not always
clearly achievable with our SSIM-based memorization strength. However, we emphasize that for the
majority of prompts, deactivating the identified memorization neurons successfully removes template
memorization.
Runtime: For most memorized prompts, N E M O detects the memorization neurons in a few seconds.
We timed the runtime of N E M O and found that on average N E M O can identify memorization neurons
for verbatim memorized prompts within 14.2 seconds, while for template memorized prompts
memorization neurons are identified in 43.7 seconds on average. As discussed in the previous
paragraph, mitigating and localizing memorization for template memorized prompts is harder. We
suspect this is one reason why N E M O’s runtime is slightly longer for template memorized prompts.
To get further insight into how long the runtime of each part of our algorithm is, we also timed the
runtime for the algorithms D1-D4 separately. The results can be seen in Tab. 2.


Table 2: N E M O can localize the neurons responsible for memorization efficiently. The average
runtime (in seconds) for Alg. 1 and Alg. 2 is below one second, while the runtime for Alg. 3 is below
10 seconds. While the runtime for Alg. 4 is longer than for the other parts of N E M O, the runtime is
still only 45 seconds for TM. Alg. 4 has the longest runtime for TM, since the initial candidate set is
larger than for verbatim memorized samples.
                    Memorization Type        A1      A2     A3      A4      Total
                          VM                0.21    0.29   2.31    12.85    15.68
                          TM                0.18    0.25   6.09    39.37    45.90


B     Experimental Details

B.1   Hard- and Software Details

We performed all our experiments on NVIDIA DGX machines running NVIDIA DGX Server Version
5.2.0 and Ubuntu 20.04.5 LTS. The machines have 1.5 TB (machine 1) and 2 TB (machine 2) of RAM
and contain NVIDIA Tesla V100 SXM3 32GB (machine 1) NVIDIA A100-SXM4-40GB (machine
2) GPUs with Intel(R) Xeon(R) Platinum 8174 (machine 1) and AMD EPYC 7742 64-core (machine
2) CPUs. We further relied on CUDA 12.1, Python 3.10.13, and PyTorch 2.2.2 with Torchvision
0.17.2 [27] for our experiments. All investigated models are publicly available on Hugging Face. For
access, we used the Hugging Face diffusers library with version 0.27.1.
We provide a Dockerfile with our code to make reproducing our results easier. In addition, all training
and configuration files are available to reproduce the results stated in this paper.

B.2   Model and Dataset Details

Experiments were mainly conducted on Stable Diffusion v1-4 [32], publicly available at https:
//huggingface.co/CompVis/stable-diffusion-v1-4. All details regarding the data, training


                                                   15
parameters, limitations, and environmental impact are available at that URL. The model is available
under the CreativeML OpenRAIL M license.
The investigated prompts originate from the LAION2B-en [35] dataset used to train the DM. The set
of memorized prompts is taken from Wen et al. [46]2 , who collected the prompts by using the tool of
Webster [45]. The LAION dataset itself is licensed under the Creative Common CC-BY 4.0. The
images of the LAION dataset might be under copyright, so we do not include them in our code base;
we only provide URLs to retrieve the images directly from their source.

B.3     Experimental Details and Hyperparameters

All images depicted throughout the paper are generated with fixed seeds, 50 inference steps, and a
classifier-free guidance strength of 7 using the default DDIM scheduler. Notably, the seeds used for
generating the images and computing the evaluation metrics differ from those used for our detection
method N E M O to avoid seed overfitting.
During detection with N E M O, no classifier-free guidance was used, which speeds up the detection
since only a single forward pass per seed is required, compared to an additional forward pass on the
null-text embedding with classifier-free guidance. We always used ten different seeds for each prompt.
The threshold on the SSIM memorization score was set to τmem = 0.428 during the experiments in
the main paper. We vary this threshold and analyze its impact in our sensitivity analysis in Appx. C.7.
We run all experiments – detection with N E M O and the generations for the metric computations –
with half-precision (float16) to reduce the memory consumption and speed up the computations.

B.4     Structural Similarity Index Measure (SSIM)

We quantify the memorization strength during our experiments using the structural similarity index
measure commonly used in the computer vision domain to assess the similarity between image
pairs. Our memorization score is computed as follows: Let xT ∼ N (0, I) be the initial noisy image.
Let ϵθ (xT , T, y) further denote the initial noise prediction without any scaling by the scheduler.
We found that the normalized difference between the initial noise and the first noise prediction
δ = ϵθ (xT , T, y) − xT for memorized prompts is substantially more consistent for different seeds
than for non-memorized prompts. To detect the grade of memorization, we, therefore, use the
similarity between the noise differences δ (i) and δ (j) generated with seeds i and j as a proxy. We
measure the similarity with the common structural similarity index measure (SSIM) [44]. The
SSIM ∈ [0, 1] between two noise differences δ (i) and δ (j) is defined by
                                                     (2µi µj + C1 )(2σij + C2 )
                        SSIM(δ (i) , δ (j) ) =                                      .              (4)
                                                 (µ2i + µ2j + C1 )(σi2 + σy2 + C2 )
The parameters µi , µj and σi2 , σj2 denote the mean and variance of the pixels in δ (i) an δ (j) ,
respectively. Likewise, σij denotes the covariance between the images. Following the original paper,
C1 and C2 are small constants added for numerical stability.
A higher SSIM indicates higher similarity between the noise differences, reflecting a higher degree of
memorization. Notably, the SSIM computation only requires a single denoising step per seed, which
makes the process fast.
Indeed, the SSIM score itself can be used to detect memorization. We visualized the different SSIM
score distributions for non-memorized and memorized prompts in Fig. 2a. To underline this observa-
tion with quantitative metrics, we ran additional experiments to explore the detection capabilities of
our SSIM-based method. We measured the efficiency of the SSIM score for memorization detection
on our dataset of memorized and non-memorized prompts. Without extensive hyperparameter tuning,
this detection method achieves an AUROC of 98%, an accuracy of 94.2% (using a naive threshold
of 0.5 on the SSIM similarity), and a TPR@1%FPR of 87.6%. Since the amount of memorization
of template memorized prompts varies significantly, we repeated the computation for detecting the
verbatim memorized prompts. Here, the SSIM approach even achieves an AUROC of 99.64%, an
accuracy of 97.39% (with a threshold of 0.5), and a TPR@1%FPR of 98.21%. These results indicate
that the SSIM score can also be used to detect memorization reliably in the first place. However,
detection is not the focus of the paper but the localization on the neuron level.
   2
       Available at https://github.com/YuxinWenRick/diffusion_memorization.


                                                      16
C             Additional Results
C.1           Distinguishing Between Different Types of Memorization

Webster [45] distinguished between verbatim and template memorized prompts. Verbatim memorized
prompts lead to the exact reconstruction of training samples, while template-memorized prompts
replicate the composition and structure of the training image. To provide a more fine-grained analysis
of our results, we classify the prompts in our dataset into these two categories. We distinguish
between both types by computing the SSCD [28] scores between the original training image and ten
generations with different seeds. We then classify a prompt as verbatim memorized if the maximum
SSCD score computed as cosine similarity exceeds a threshold of 0.7 and as template memorized
otherwise. Fig. 6 plots the distribution of SSCD scores for both datasets. We manually inspected and
classified the prompts where the original training image is no longer available (16 out of 500).


                                                          Template Memorization
                                                          Verbatim Memorization


                              Density



                                                     0.0                   0.2              0.4             0.6             0.8               1.0
                                                                            Maximum SSIM Score
Figure 6: We compare the maximum SSCD score between ten generated images and the original
training sample. We categorize the memorized prompts into verbatim memorized if the SSCD score
exceeds 0.7 and into template memorized prompts otherwise.


C.2           Detailed Analysis of the Distribution of Memorization Neurons

        120
                   35                                                                                  35
        100        30                                                                                  30
                   25                                                                                  25
        80         20                                                                                  20
                   15                                                                                  15

Count
                   10                                                                                  10
        60
                    5                                                                                   5
                    0                                                                                   0
        40              0         10          20         30     40    50                                    0     10   20         30   40     50
                                                                                 Template
        20                                                                       Verbatim


         0
               0        250             500        750        1000   1250        1500              0            100         200         300         400
                                Number of Initial Neurons                                               Number of Neurons After Refinement
              (a) Number of initial neurons per prompt.                                           (b) Number of neurons per prompt after refinement.
Figure 7: Distribution of Memorization Neurons. We show the number of prompts that are
memorized by a fixed number of neurons. (a) plots the number of neurons found in the initial neuron
selection. (b) shows the number of neurons after refinement. As we can observe, the refinement step
drastically reduces the number of found memorization neurons for both the template and the verbatim
memorized prompts.




                                                                                             17
C.3      Detailed Quality Analysis

      17.2
           Neurons Blocked                                                                                     13.0
      17.0    Random                                                                                           12.5
      16.8    Top-K
      16.6                                                                                                     12.0
FID   16.4
                                                                                                    CLIP-FID   11.5
      16.2                                                                                                     11.0 Neurons Blocked
      16.0                                                                                                             Random
                                                                                                               10.5
      15.8                                                                                                                   Top-K
                                                                                                               10.0
          0     100      200      300    400     500      600      700                                                0      100        200     300     400     500    600      700
                      Number of Neurons Blocked                                                                                     Number of Neurons Blocked
        (a) Assessing image quality using FID.                                                           (b) Assessing image quality using CLIP-FID.
                                                  0.0064
                                                  0.0062
                                                  0.0060
                                           KID
                                                  0.0058
                                                  0.0056                                                        Neurons Blocked
                                                                                                                   Random
                                                  0.0054                                                           Top-K
                                                              0     100        200     300     400         500        600         700
                                                                          Number of Neurons Blocked
                                                       (c) Assessing image quality using KID.
Figure 8: Image Quality Does Not Degrade When Deactivating Memorization Neurons. Depicted
are the generated images’ FID, CLIP-FID (FID calculated using a CLIP model), and KID scores
when blocking an increasing number of neurons. For all three metrics, smaller values are better. As
can be seen, the FID, KID, and CLIP-FID values vary only slightly, indicating that blocking neurons
identified by N E M O does not negatively affect image generation quality. Gray lines indicate baselines
without any neurons blocked. We repeated the experiment with five different seeds. Depicted are the
mean values and the standard deviation.


Table 3: We measured the disentanglement of neurons for deactivating top-k memorization neurons
or randomly selected neurons. More specifically, we collected and compared the attention layer
outputs for 500 non-memorized prompts with and without neurons deactivated and 3 seeds. We then
computed the average cosine similarity between corresponding outputs. The high similarities show
that blocking neurons only has a negligible impact on the outputs of the attention layer, suggesting
that other neurons can substitute the functionality of blocked neurons on non-memorized prompts.
 Num. Blocked
                             1                   5                        10                        25                            50                    100                   150
   Neurons
    Block
                 Random          Top-K   Random      Top-K        Random       Top-K     Random          Top-K            Random        Top-K   Random        Top-K   Random        Top-K
 Neuron Type
      1                1.0        1.0      1.0         0.99         1.0         0.98         0.99          0.98            0.99         0.98     0.99         0.98     0.99         0.98
      2                1.0       0.99      1.0         0.99         1.0         0.99         0.99          0.98            0.99         0.98     0.99         0.98     0.99         0.98
      3                1.0        1.0     0.99         0.99        0.99         0.99         0.99          0.99            0.99         0.99     0.99         0.99     0.99         0.99
      4                1.0        1.0      1.0         0.99        0.99         0.99         0.99          0.99            0.99         0.99     0.99         0.99     0.99         0.99
      5                1.0        1.0      1.0         0.99        0.99         0.99         0.99          0.99            0.99         0.99     0.99         0.99     0.99         0.99
      6                1.0       0.99     0.99         0.99        0.99         0.99         0.99          0.99            0.99         0.99     0.99         0.99     0.99         0.99
      7               0.99       0.99     0.99         0.99        0.99         0.99         0.99          0.99            0.99         0.99     0.99         0.99     0.99         0.99



We ran additional experiments to analyze the impact and effects of deactivating neurons in the value
layers. The result can be seen in Tab. 3. We deactivated a varying number of neurons, either randomly
selected or the top memorization neurons, and measured the similarity between the outputs of the
cross-attention blocks with deactivated neurons and all neurons activated. Our results, stated in
the rebuttal PDF, show that even deactivating a large number of neurons only impacts the attention
outputs marginally. We, therefore, conclude that other neurons can replace the functionality of specific
neurons on non-memorized prompts and that neurons in the value layers act rather independently.
Yet, for neurons memorizing specific prompts, this memorizing functionality is not replaced by other
neurons, explaining the mitigation effect of deactivating these neurons.


                                                                                       18
C.4   Highly Memorized Prompts

                  No Blocked Neurons                           Blocked Memorization Neurons




                      Falmouth Navy Blue Area Rug by Andover Mills (156 memorization neurons)




                         Renegade RSS Laptop Backpack - View 3 (232 memorization neurons)




                     Grieve Cream/Navy Area Rug by Bungalow Rose (136 memorization neurons)




                 Pencil pleat curtains in collection Blackout, fabric: 269-12 (116 memorization neurons)




            Designart Bohinj Lake Panorama Seashore Canvas ArtPrint - 6 Panels (129 memorization neurons)




                                 Red Mums - Throw Pillow (112 memorization neurons)




           Dreamscape iPhone Cases - Mermaid Magic iPhone Case by Jane Small (379 memorization neurons)




                         Fish Lodge Bass Tapestry Throw Blanket (107 memorization neurons)




                       Pirelli Scorpion Verde All Season 255/60 R18 112H (101 memorization neurons)




                Australian Silky Terrier Print Car Seat Covers-Free Shipping (242 memorization neurons)


Figure 9: Memorization of highly memorized prompts is distributed across many neurons in various
layers, rather than concentrated in a small group of neurons. We show examples of such prompts
and the impact of deactivating the identified memorization neurons. The number of memorization
neurons in each case is stated behind each prompt.




                                                          19
C.5   Examples for Memorization of Single Neurons

To illustrate that some single neurons are responsible for memorizing multiple training prompts, we
generated images with and without these specific neurons deactivated. In Fig. 10 and Fig. 11, we
only deactivate a single neuron each in the first value layer, whereas in Fig. 12, we deactivate two
neurons in the third value layer.

                     No Blocked Neurons                                    Blocked Neuron #25




                                    "Watch: Passion Pit's New Video, ""Lifted Up (1985)"""




                     Aretha Franklin Files $10 Million Suit Over Patti LaBelle Fight Story On Satire Website




                                Rambo 5 und Rocky Spin-Off - Sylvester Stallone gibt Updates




                                   Prince Reunites With Warner Brothers, Plans New Album




                      Here's Who Ian McShane May Be Playing in <i>Game of Thrones</i> Season Six




                           Future Steve Carell Movie Set In North Korea Canceled By New Regency




                         George R.R. Martin Donates $10,000 to Wolf Sanctuary for a 13-Year-Old Fan




                    Sarah Silverman Will Star in HBO Pilot from <i>Secret Diary of a Call Girl</i> Creator




                               Freddy Adu Signs For Yet Another Club You Probably Don't Know




             Emma Watson Set to Star Alongside Tom Hanks in Film Adaptation of Dave Eggers' <i>The Circle</i>




                                 "Listen to Ricky Gervais Perform ""Slough"" as David Brent"


Figure 10: We found that neuron #25 in the first cross-attention layer’s value mapping is
responsible for verbatim memorization of multiple prompts, all associated with depicting people.
Deactivating this single neuron mitigates the memorization and introduces diversity into the images
(right columns) compared to images generated with all neurons active (left columns). Generations
were conducted with seeds different from the seeds used for the neuron localization process.


                                                              20
                 No Blocked Neurons                             Blocked Neuron #221




                                  The No Limits Business Woman Podcast




                                   Mothers influence on her young hippo




                                 Talks on the Precepts and Buddhist Ethics




                                        Insights with Laura Powers




                                  The Health Mastery Café with Dr. Dave




                                          Passion. Podcast. Profit.




                                  Living in the Light with Ann Graham Lotz


Figure 11: We found that neuron #221 in the first cross-attention layer’s value mapping is
responsible for verbatim memorization of multiple prompts, all associated with depicting people.
Deactivating this single neuron mitigates the memorization and introduces diversity into the images
(right columns) compared to images generated with all neurons active (left columns). Generations
were conducted with seeds different from the seeds used for the neuron localization process.




                                                    21
                  No Blocked Neurons                            Blocked Neurons #507 & #517




                                              Beautiful Space iPhone Case




                                            Kimi Doesn't Know - Phone Case




                                       Pink Icelandic Poppy | iPhone Phone Cases




                                           Peace Love Massage iPhone 6 Case




                                              Sloth in Space iPhone 4 Case




                                          Lavender Flames iPhone Xs Max Case




                                  porter robinson & madeon shelter Clear iPhone Case




                    "Zen Buddha iPhone 6 6s Plus TOUGH Case - Unique Black and White Buddhist Art
                ""Bliss of Being"" Zen Meditation iPhone 6 6s Plus case - iPhone 6 6s Plus Tough Case - 1"


Figure 12: We found that neurons #507 and #517 in the third cross-attention layer’s value
mapping is responsible for template memorization of multiple prompts describing iPhone cases.
Deactivating these two neurons mitigates the template memorization and introduces diversity into the
images (right columns) compared to images generated with all neurons active (left columns). Image
generations were conducted with a fixed seed different from the seed used for the neuron localization
process.




                                                           22
C.6   Comparison of Initial Noise Predictions

                                        Memorized Prompts
           Memorized Prompts           With Blocked Neurons        Non-Memorized Prompts




Figure 13: Visualizations for generated images and the noise differences between the predicted
noise after the first denoising step and the initial Gaussian noise. Noise differences for memorized
prompts (left column) have low diversity and are already structurally similar to the final image. The
noise differences for non-memorized prompts (right column) show no clear structure and differ
substantially for different noise initializations. Deactivating the memorization neurons detected with
N E M O (middle column) removes the structure in the initial noise differences and adds more diversity,
leading to diverse image generations.




                                                  23
C.7   Ablation Study and Sensitivity Analysis

We conduct an ablation study to investigate the impact of the individual components of N E M O.
Additionally, we analyze the sensitivity of the memorization threshold τmem and explore alternatives
to deactivating neurons by setting their activations to zero. The results for the various settings are
presented in Tab. 4.
The first two rows provide evaluation results for the model with all neurons active and with randomly
deactivated neurons. Both scenarios exhibit strong memorization. The third row shows the results
of blocking the neurons identified as memorizing by N E M O, using the threshold τmem = 0.428 as
specified in the main paper. This threshold corresponds to the mean SSIM memorization plus one
standard deviation, calculated on a holdout set of 50,000 non-memorized LAION prompts. In row
four, we repeat this setting using classifier-free guidance (CFG) with a guidance strength of 7.0,
as opposed to our default setting without CFG. Detection with CFG further reduces the number of
detected memorization neurons. However, the SSCD scores indicate slightly increased memorization
after deactivating the identified neurons. Additionally, running N E M O with CFG doubles the number
of forward passes in the U-Net since a separate noise prediction is generated for each initial seed.
Rows five to seven display the results of varying the memorization threshold τmem . Specifically,
we adjust the threshold to one standard deviation below the mean SSIM score, to the mean, and
two standard deviations above the mean. A lower threshold identifies more neurons. However, for
lower thresholds, the metrics are comparable to those obtained with our default threshold value
(τmem = 0.428). Increasing the threshold reduces the number of identified neurons but slightly
increases memorization, as measured by the SSCD scores. Thus, a trade-off exists between reducing
the number of identified memorization neurons and their memorization mitigation effect. In addition,
we provide heat maps to directly compare the impact of different thresholds τmem used during the
initial selection and the refinement step in Fig. 14. Fig. 15 further compares the SSCD scores for
varying the threshold values.
Rows eight and nine examine the impact of removing the refinement step or incorporating no neurons
with top-k activations during the initial selection. As anticipated, without refinement, the number
of identified neurons increases substantially. Despite this, the various metrics remain comparable
to those obtained after the refinement step, even with more neurons deactivated. This underscores
the robustness of image generations against pruning out-of-distribution (OOD) neurons. Without
the top-k selection, N E M O identifies a larger set of neurons. However, deactivating these neurons
does not mitigate memorization as effectively as with a top-k search. Notably, for template verbatim
prompts, the SSCDGen is substantially higher without top-k, indicating increased memorization.
In the remaining rows, we explore the impact of scaling the activations of memorization neurons
instead of deactivating them. With negative scaling factors, the results are comparable to those of
completely deactivating the neurons. For positive scaling factors, however, the generated images
demonstrate higher degrees of memorization, with a scaling factor of 0.75 having almost no influence
on memorization.
We also apply N E M O to a set of 500 LAION non-memorized prompts, different from the 50,000
prompts used to set the memorization threshold. For 442 of these prompts, N E M O identified no
memorization neurons, which is to be expected since these prompts show no memorization behavior.
For the remaining prompts, a median of 62 ± 27 neurons was found.




                                                 24
          Table 4: Quantitative Results of Our Ablation Study and Sensitivity Analysis.
Setting                          Memorization Type   Deactivated Neurons   ↓ SSCD Orig   ↓ SSCD Gen      ↓ DSSCD       ↑ ACLIP
                                     Verbatim                0             0.83 ± 0.16     1.0 ± 0.0    0.99 ± 0.01   0.32 ± 0.02
All Neurons Activate (Default)
                                     Template                0             0.04 ± 0.04     1.0 ± 0.0    0.17 ± 0.06   0.31 ± 0.02
                                     Verbatim               4±3            0.80 ± 0.11   0.999 ± 0.0    0.99 ± 0.01   0.32 ± 0.02
Deactivating Random Neurons
                                     Template              21 ± 18         0.05 ± 0.04   0.997 ± 0.0    0.16 ± 0.06   0.31 ± 0.02
                                     Verbatim               4±3            0.09 ± 0.06    0.10 ± 0.07   0.16 ± 0.06   0.31 ± 0.02
Default Values (τmem = 0.428)
                                     Template              21 ± 18         0.05 ± 0.03    0.05 ± 0.04   0.12 ± 0.05   0.31 ± 0.02
                                     Verbatim               3±2            0.09 ± 0.06    0.14 ± 0.07   0.15 ± 0.06   0.31 ± 0.02
With Classifier-Free Guidance
                                     Template               6±5            0.05 ± 0.03    0.12 ± 0.07   0.11 ± 0.04   0.32 ± 0.02
                                     Verbatim            10.5 ± 9.5        0.08 ± 0.06    0.14 ± 0.06   0.15 ± 0.05   0.32 ± 0.02
τmem = µ − 1σ = 0.288
                                     Template            32.0 ± 27         0.06 ± 0.03    0.10 ± 0.07   0.14 ± 0.05   0.31 ± 0.03
                                     Verbatim               6±5            0.10 ± 0.06    0.14 ± 0.07   0.16 ± 0.05   0.31 ± 0.02
τmem = µ = 0.358
                                     Template              30 ± 25         0.06 ± 0.03    0.11 ± 0.07   0.13 ± 0.04   0.31 ± 0.02
                                     Verbatim               3±2            0.10 ± 0.06    0.15 ± 0.07   0.15 ± 0.06   0.32 ± 0.02
τmem = µ + 2σ = 0.498
                                     Template               7±6            0.06 ± 0.03    0.12 ± 0.04   0.12 ± 0.04   0.31 ± 0.03
                                     Verbatim            26.5 ± 22.5       0.07 ± 0.05    0.11 ± 0.06   0.15 ± 0.06   0.32 ± 0.02
No Refinement
                                     Template           674.5 ± 624.5      0.04 ± 0.03    0.09 ± 0.05   0.13 ± 0.04   0.31 ± 0.02
                                     Verbatim              11 ± 10         0.11 ± 0.05    0.21 ± 0.13   0.16 ± 0.04   0.32 ± 0.02
No top-k Selection
                                     Template              30 ± 23         0.05 ± 0.03    0.41 ± 0.32   0.13 ± 0.03   0.31 ± 0.02
                                     Verbatim               4±3            0.79 ± 0.12   0.995 ± 0.00   0.96 ± 0.04   0.32 ± 0.02
Scaling Factor 0.75
                                     Template              21 ± 18         0.05 ± 0.04   0.966 ± 0.03   0.15 ± 0.05   0.31 ± 0.02
                                     Verbatim               4±3            0.62 ± 0.29    0.97 ± 0.02   0.67 ± 0.33   0.32 ± 0.01
Scaling Factor 0.5
                                     Template              21 ± 18         0.05 ± 0.03    0.83 ± 0.15   0.14 ± 0.04   0.31 ± 0.02
                                     Verbatim               4±3            0.20 ± 0.17    0.32 ± 0.25   0.21 ± 0.12   0.32 ± 0.02
Scaling Factor 0.25
                                     Template              21 ± 18         0.05 ± 0.03    0.23 ± 0.16   0.12 ± 0.04   0.32 ± 0.02
                                     Verbatim               4±3            0.09 ± 0.06    0.12 ± 0.06   0.15 ± 0.05   0.32 ± 0.02
Scaling Factor −0.25
                                     Template              21 ± 18         0.05 ± 0.03    0.09 ± 0.06   0.13 ± 0.04   0.31 ± 0.02
                                     Verbatim               4±3            0.08 ± 0.05    0.12 ± 0.06   0.17 ± 0.06   0.31 ± 0.02
Scaling Factor −0.5
                                     Template              21 ± 18         0.05 ± 0.03    0.08 ± 0.05   0.13 ± 0.04   0.31 ± 0.02
                                     Verbatim               4±3            0.08 ± 0.05    0.11 ± 0.06   0.17 ± 0.06   0.31 ± 0.02
Scaling Factor −0.75
                                     Template              21 ± 18         0.05 ± 0.03    0.08 ± 0.05   0.14 ± 0.05   0.31 ± 0.02
                                     Verbatim               4±3            0.08 ± 0.05    0.11 ± 0.07   0.16 ± 0.06   0.31 ± 0.02
Scaling Factor −1
                                     Template              21 ± 18         0.04 ± 0.03    0.07 ± 0.05   0.14 ± 0.05   0.30 ± 0.02




                                                              25
                                                                         Initial Selection Threshold
                                                             200                                        942.5     942.5      942.5   900


 Initial Selection Threshold
                                 228       228        228
                                                                                                                                     850
                                                             150


                                                                        0.428        0.358      0.288
                                                                                                                  836.5      836.5


0.428        0.358      0.288
                                           51.5      51.5                                                                            800
                                                             100
                                                                                                                                     750
                                                     26.5                                                                    674.5
                                                             50                                                                      700
                                0.288     0.358      0.428                                              0.288     0.358      0.428
                                   Refinement Threshold                                                    Refinement Threshold
      (a) Number of initial neurons found for VM.                                    (b) Number of initial neurons found for TM.


                                                                                                                                     32
                                                             10


                                                                         Initial Selection Threshold
                                                                                                         32        32.5      32.5


 Initial Selection Threshold
                                10.5        8          5                                                                             30
                                                             9
                                                             8                                                                       28



                                                                        0.428        0.358      0.288
                                                                                                                    30        27


0.428        0.358      0.288
                                            6          4
                                                             7                                                                       26
                                                             6                                                                       24
                                                       4     5                                                                21
                                                                                                                                     22
                                                             4                                          0.288     0.358      0.428
                                0.288     0.358      0.428
                                   Refinement Threshold                                                    Refinement Threshold
   (c) Number of refined neurons found for VM.                                    (d) Number of refined neurons found for TM.
Figure 14: Number of neurons found with different initial and refinement thresholds τmem .
The left plots show the results for verbatim memorization prompts, while the right plots show the
results for template memorization prompts. The refinement step significantly reduces the number
of identified neurons across all threshold combinations. Notably, using 0.428 for both the initial
selection and refinement thresholds results in the smallest set of identified neurons.




                                                                   26
                                                               0.10                                                                       0.10


 Initial Selection Threshold                                                Initial Selection Threshold
                                0.095     0.099      0.098                                                 0.05      0.054      0.054
                                                               0.08                                                                       0.08
                                                               0.06                                                                       0.06


0.428        0.358      0.288                                              0.428        0.358      0.288
                                          0.099      0.11                                                            0.055      0.055
                                                               0.04                                                                       0.04
                                                     0.11      0.02                                                             0.058     0.02
                                                               0.00                                                                       0.00
                                0.288     0.358      0.428                                                 0.288     0.358      0.428
                                   Refinement Threshold                                                       Refinement Threshold
                                 (a) SSCD Gen of VM samples.                                                (b) SSCD Gen of TM samples.


                                                               0.10                                                                       0.10


 Initial Selection Threshold                                                Initial Selection Threshold
                                0.084      0.09      0.09                                                  0.057     0.057      0.055
                                                               0.08                                                                       0.08
                                                               0.06                                                                       0.06


0.428        0.358      0.288                                              0.428        0.358      0.288
                                          0.096      0.096                                                           0.055      0.055
                                                               0.04                                                                       0.04
                                                     0.096     0.02                                                             0.053     0.02
                                                               0.00                                                                       0.00
                                0.288     0.358      0.428                                                 0.288     0.358      0.428
                                   Refinement Threshold                                                       Refinement Threshold
                                (c) SSCD Orig of VM samples.                                               (d) SSCD Orig of TM samples.
Figure 15: SSCD memorization scores with different initial and refinement thresholds τmem .
The left plots show the results for verbatim memorization prompts, while the right plots show the
results for template memorization prompts. The value of the thresholds does not seem to have a
high impact on the memorization scores. Since higher thresholds identify much less memorization
neurons, choosing a threshold of τmem = 0.428 is a valid choice.




                                                                      27
C.8   Ablation of Individual Key and Value Layers

During our experiments in the main paper, we limit our search with N E M O for memorization neurons
to cross-attention value layers in the down- and mid-blocks of the U-Net. To motivate this decision,
we perform an analysis of the influence of neurons in the individual key and value layers of different
cross-attention blocks. Let us first recall the computation performed in attention layers:
                                                              QK T
                                                                   
                           Attention(Q, K, V ) = softmax        √     ·V .                         (5)
                                                                  d

The computed key and query matrices K and Q are used to calculate the attention scores, i.e., the
weighting of the components in the value matrix V . In the cross-attention layers, the query matrix Q
is computed by linearly mapping the current feature maps from the previous U-Net layer. Therefore,
information from the textual guidance is only indirectly contained, i.e., of earlier layers or the U-Nets
input feature map after the first denoising step. Therefore, we can exclude neurons in the query
mapping layers since we aim to identify neurons directly responsible for memorization. The neurons
in the key mapping layers directly process the text embeddings to compute the attention scores.
However, strong interdependencies exist between the activations of different neurons through the
nature of the softmax function. The impact each neuron’s activation has on the computed attention
score also depends on the activations of all other neurons from the same layer. Removing a single
neuron, i.e., setting its activation to zero, does not necessarily imply substantial changes in the
attention scores and the corresponding weighting of features from the value mapping layer.
The value mapping layers, however, also directly process the text embeddings, but there is no
direct interdependence between the activations of different neurons. Consequently, setting the
activations of individual neurons in value layers to zero directly blocks the information flow from
the text embeddings. We hypothesize that the neurons in the value layers are mainly responsible for
memorizing the text embeddings of specific prompts.
We evaluate this assumption by taking a set of 100 memorized prompts, generating ten samples for
each prompt, and comparing the impact of removing neurons from different layers. More specifically,
we remove all activations of individual key and value mapping layers, i.e., setting the output vectors
of these layers to zero while keeping all other parts of the model untouched. We then compare the
generated images with removed activations to the original training images. Fig. 16 plots the resulting
SSCD similarity scores for deactivating individual value (top row) and key (bottom row) layers. We
distinguish between verbatim (left column) and template (right column) prompts. The plots show the
maximum and median SSCD scores and the deviations for the median scores. We decided not to plot
deviations for the maximum score to improve readability. However, deviations are comparable to the
median scores. Baselines computed without any deactivated neurons are plotted as dashed lines.
Stable Diffusion contains six cross-attention layers in the down-blocks, one in the mid-block, and
nine in the up-blocks. The vertical lines indicate the separation between the different blocks. For
the value layers, the layers with indexes 1 (down-lock) and 7 (mid-block) have the highest impact,
whereas layers later in the network hardly change the SSCD scores. Also, the effect of the remaining
layers in the down-blocks is small on their own. However, we expect there to be entwined effects
between deactivating neurons in different layers, which is why we also searched for memorization
neurons in these down-block layers.
For the key layers, particularly layers 4 and 6 in the down-blocks have the strongest impact on
the generated images. However, removing these layers often produces images that no longer align
with the concepts in the prompt or degrades the image quality, both leading to lower SSCD scores.
We quantify this behavior by computing the alignments between the generated images and the
corresponding input prompts in Fig. 17. While deactivating individual value layers only slightly
decreases the alignment scores, deactivating some key layers substantially reduces the alignment. To
further illustrate this fact, we plot some of the generated images for deactivating individual value
layers in Fig. 18 and for key layers in Fig. 19.




                                                   28
                                 Value Layer Ablation (Verbatim Memorized)                                              Value Layer Ablation (Template Memorized)
                           1.0    Down-Blocks                   Up-Blocks                                         1.0    Down-Blocks                   Up-Blocks

                           0.8                                                                                    0.8




      Similarity (SSCD)                                                                      Similarity (SSCD)
                                                                                                                                                            Median SSCD
                           0.6                                                                                    0.6                                       Max SSCD

                           0.4                                                                                    0.4


                           0.2                                                                                    0.2
                                                                        Median SSCD
                                                                        Max SSCD
                           0.0                                                                                    0.0
                                    2    4      6      8     10    12      14     16                                       2    4      6      8     10    12      14     16
                                                    Value Layer                                                                            Value Layer
                                 Key Layer Ablation (Verbatim Memorized)                                                Key Layer Ablation (Template Memorized)
                           1.0    Down-Blocks                   Up-Blocks                                         1.0    Down-Blocks                   Up-Blocks

                           0.8                                                                                    0.8




      Similarity (SSCD)                                                                      Similarity (SSCD)
                                                                                                                                                            Median SSCD
                           0.6                                                                                    0.6                                       Max SSCD

                           0.4                                                                                    0.4


                           0.2                                                                                    0.2
                                                                        Median SSCD
                                                                        Max SSCD
                           0.0                                                                                    0.0
                                    2    4      6      8     10    12      14     16                                       2    4      6      8     10    12      14     16
                                                    Key Layer                                                                              Key Layer
Figure 16: SSCD similarity scores between memorized generations and the corresponding
training samples. Scores are computed for 100 prompts and ten different seeds per generation. We
then take the maximum and median scores of each prompt. During the generation, we deactivated
individual value and key layers of the cross-attention blocks in the network. A lower SSCD score
indicates a lower similarity between generated and training images. Dashed lines denote the median
and the maximum SSCD baselines for images generated without deactivating any neurons. For
verbatim memorized prompts, both baselines are close, which is why we only plot the median SSCD
baseline.


                            Key/Value Layer Ablation (Verbatim Memorized)                                          Key/Value Layer Ablation (Template Memorized)
                          0.34    Down-Blocks                   Up-Blocks                                        0.34    Down-Blocks                   Up-Blocks




 Image-Prompt Alignment                                                                 Image-Prompt Alignment
                          0.32                                                                                   0.32

                          0.30                                                                                   0.30

                          0.28                                                                                   0.28

                          0.26                                                                                   0.26

                          0.24                                          Value Layers                             0.24                                          Value Layers
                                                                        Key Layers                                                                             Key Layers
                          0.22                                                                                   0.22
                                    2    4      6      8     10    12      14     16                                       2    4      6      8     10    12      14     16
                                                Key/Value Layer                                                                        Key/Value Layer
Figure 17: CLIP alignment scores between memorized generations and the corresponding input
prompt. Scores are computed for 100 prompts and ten different seeds per generation. We then
take the median alignment scores of each prompt. During the generation, we deactivated individual
value and key layers of the cross-attention blocks in the network. A higher alignment score indicates
a better representation of the prompt concepts in the generated images. Dashed lines denote the
median alignment scores for images generated without deactivating any neurons. For both types of
memorization, deactivating value layers decreases the alignment only slightly, whereas deactivating
some key layers substantially reduces the alignment.


                                                                                       29
       Standard




       Layer 1




       Layer 2




       Layer 3




       Layer 4




       Layer 5




       Layer 6




       Layer 7




       Layer 8




       Layer 9




       Layer 10




       Layer 11




       Layer 12




       Layer 13




       Layer 14




       Layer 15




       Layer 16




Figure 18: Images generated with memorized prompts with deactivated individual value layers.
Whereas the standard row shows generations with keeping all neurons active, the following rows
depict results for deactivating all neurons in a specific value layer.




                                             30
       Standard




       Layer 1




       Layer 2




       Layer 3




       Layer 4




       Layer 5




       Layer 6




       Layer 7




       Layer 8




       Layer 9




       Layer 10




       Layer 11




       Layer 12




       Layer 13




       Layer 14




       Layer 15




       Layer 16




Figure 19: Images generated with memorized prompts with deactivated individual key layers.
Whereas the standard row shows generations with keeping all neurons active, the following rows
depict results for deactivating all neurons in a specific key layer.




                                             31
C.9        Ablation of Individual Convolutional Layers

We also experimented with deactivating neurons in other U-Net layers, including both convolutional
and fully connected layers, but we did not find any indicators of memorization in these units. Even
when deactivating numerous neurons in the convolutional and fully connected layers of the U-Net,
the memorized training images were still faithfully reproduced. However, the quality of the images
degraded, particularly when deactivating neurons in early layers, which are responsible for defining
the image structure. We showcase in Fig. 20 various examples of memorized images generated with
50% deactivated neurons in the convolutional layers to illustrate that these neurons have no noticeable
impact on the memorization behavior. However, deactivating too many neurons in early layers can
negatively affect the overall generation process. So, to conclude, deactivating other neurons in the
U-Net didn’t seem to impact memorization, which is why our choice to focus on the value layers
seems reasonable.

                                          Convolutional Layer
           0    1    2     3    4     5    6     7       8   9     10    11    12    13    14    15

       0



       1



       0



       1


Seed
       0



       1



       0



       1




Figure 20: For each convolutional layer in the U-Net’s down blocks, we randomly deactivated 50%
of the neurons. The results demonstrate that blocking neurons in the convolutional layers does not
mitigate memorization. Instead, deactivating the neurons reduces the quality of the generated images
and, in some cases, causes the entire generation process to collapse, especially when neurons in the
early layers are deactivated.




                                                  32
D     Algorithmic Description of NeMo
D.1    Computing Noise Differences

Alg. 1 defines our algorithm to compute the differences between the initial noise samples and the
noise predicted during the first denoising step. The resulting noise differences are used to compute
our SSIM-based memorization score during the initial neuron selection and the refinement step. We
compute the noise differences always for n = 10 different seeds to avoid undesired biases due to
the random sampling process. We further remove noise differences from the set, which have low
similarity with other noise differences. By this step, we remove noise differences for seeds that do
not lead to memorization and might mislead the algorithm.

Algorithm 1 Compute Noise Differences
Input:
  Prompt embedding y                                                      ▷ Text prompt (embedding)
  Neuron set Sneurons                                                   ▷ Set of neurons to deactivate
  Noise predictor ϵθ                                                               ▷ Diffusion model
  Memorization threshold (SSIM) τmem                                     ▷ Target memorization score

Output: Noise differences ∆

    Set ∆ as empty list                                           ▷ Initialize list of noise differences
    ϵ̃θ ← deactivate_neurons(ϵθ , SNeurons )           ▷ Set activations of neurons in Sneurons to zero

    // Compute noise differences for each random seed
    for i = 1, . . . , 10 do                                               ▷ Iterate over 10 seeds
        set_seed(i)                                                        ▷ Set random seed to i
        sample xT ∼ N (0, I)                                   ▷ Randomly initialize noise image
        xT −1 ← ϵ̃θ (xT , T, y)                                       ▷ Compute noise prediction
        δ ← xT −1 − xT                                                ▷ Compute noise difference
                 δ−min(δ)
        δ ← max(δ)−min(δ)                             ▷ Normalize differences by min-max scaling
        append δ to ∆                                       ▷ Add current noise difference to list
    end for

    // Remove noise differences not leading to memorization
    for δ ∈ ∆ do                                                     ▷ Iterate over noise differences
        ∆¯ ←∆\δ                                             ▷ Get set of noise differences without δ
        d ← compute_memorization(δ, ∆)  ¯         ▷ Compute pairwise memorization scores (SSIM)
        if max(d) < τmem then                      ▷ Highest memorization score is below threshold
            ∆←∆\δ                                              ▷ Remove noise difference from set
        end if
    end for
    return ∆                                                       ▷ Return list of noise differences




                                                 33
D.2   Detecting Neurons with Out-of-Distribution Activations

Alg. 2 describes our method to detect neurons with out-of-distribution (OOD) activations. Our method
detects OOD neurons based on their activation distance for a memorized prompt to a neuron’s mean
activation computed on a hold-out dataset of non-memorized prompts. In addition, we also add the k
neurons with the highest absolute activations within each layer to the set.

Algorithm 2 Get OOD Neurons
Input:
  Prompt embedding y                                                    ▷ Text prompt (embedding)
  Activation threshold θact                                     ▷ Threshold for the OOD detection
  Top k                                                                  ▷ Value of top-k detection
  Activation mean µ and standard deviation σ              ▷ Activation statistics of hold-out dataset

Output: Set of neurons with OOD activations Sinitial

  Sactivations ← collect_activations(y)                             ▷ Collect activations on prompt
  Sinitial ← {}                                                        ▷ Initialize empty neuron set

  // Check each neuron in each layer for OOD activation
  for l ∈ {1, . . . , L} do                                                   ▷ Iterate over all layers
      for i ∈ {1, . . . , N } do                              ▷ Iterate over all N neurons in layer l
                      ali (y)−µli
          zil (y) =        σil
                                                              ▷ Compute z-score for current neuron

         if zil (y) > θact then                                  ▷ Activation above OOD threshold
               Sinitial ← Sinitial ∪ {neuronli }                          ▷ Add OOD neuron to set
         end if
      end for

     // Add k neurons of layer l with the highest absolute activations to the candidate set
     Stopk ← top_k_activations(Sactivations , l, k) ▷ Get neurons with highest absolute activations
     Sinitial ← Sinitial ∪ Stopk                                          ▷ Add top-k neurons to set
  end for

  return Sinitial                                                   ▷ Return set with OOD neurons




                                                   34
D.3   Selecting Initial Candidates of Memorization Neurons

Alg. 3 defines our algorithm to compute the initial set of memorization neurons. The resulting initial
set of selected memorization neurons is then refined in a second step, shown in Alg. 4.

Algorithm 3 Initial Neuron Selection
Input:
  Prompt embedding y                                                      ▷ Text prompt embedding
  Memorization threshold (SSIM) τmem                                   ▷ Target memorization score
  Minimum activation threshold θmin                          ▷ Threshold for stopping neuron search

Output: Set of neuron candidates Sinitial , refinement memorization threshold τmem_ref

  Candidate set of memorization neurons Sinitial                   ▷ Initial memorizing neuron set
  Memorization threshold (SSIM) τmem_ref                    ▷ Memorization threshold for refinement

  mem ← 1.0                                          ▷ Initialize memorization score as maximum
  θact ← 5                                      ▷ Initialize threshold of OOD activation detection
  k←0                                                   ▷ Initialize k for top-k activation detection
  τmem_ref ← τmem                   ▷ Set refinement memorization threshold to current threshold
  ∆unblocked ← get_noise_diff(y, ∅)                     ▷ Noise differences with all neurons active

  // Increase set of candidate neurons until target memorization score is reached
  while mem > τmem do                                  ▷ While memorization score above threshold
       Sinitial ← get_ood_neurons(y, θact , k)              ▷ Detect neurons with OOD activations
       ∆blocked ← get_noise_diff(y, Sinitial )                         ▷ Compute noise differences
       mem ← compute_memorization(∆unblocked , ∆blocked ) ▷ Compute memorization score (SSIM)

      if θact < θmin then                               ▷ Minimum activation threshold not reached
           τmem_ref ← mem                  ▷ Set refinement threshold to current memorization score
           break                                             ▷ Stop if activation threshold is too low
      end if

     // Adjust OOD detection parameters to increase set of candidate neurons
     θact ← θact − 0.25                                  ▷ Decrease threshold for OOD detection
     k ←k+1                                            ▷ Increase k for top-k activation detection
  end while

  return Sinitial , τmem_ref    ▷ Return neuron candidates and refinement memorization threshold




                                                   35
D.4   Neuron Selection Refinement

Alg. 4 defines our algorithm to refine the set of candidate neurons identified from N E M O’s initial
selection step.

Algorithm 4 Neuron Selection Refinement
Input:
  Initial memorization neuron candidate set Sinitial                    ▷ Given neuron candidate set
  Memorization threshold (SSIM) τmem_ref                   ▷ Refinement memorization score threhsold

Output: memorization neurons Srefined                           ▷ Refined set of memorization neurons

  Srefined ← Sinitial
  ∆unblocked ← get_noise_diff(y, ∅)                         ▷ Noise differences with all neurons active

  // Check all candidate neurons of individual layers at once for memorization
  for l ∈ {1, . . . , L} do                       ▷ Iterate over all layers to remove low impact layers
      Slayer ← get_neurons_in_layer(Srefined , l)               ▷ Get the neurons in the current layer l
      Sneurons ← Srefined \ Slayer                    ▷ Compute set of neurons from remaining layers
      ∆blocked ← get_noise_diff(y, Sneurons )                               ▷ Compute noise differences
      mem ← compute_memorization(∆unblocked , ∆blocked ) ▷ Compute memorization score (SSIM)

     if mem < τmem_ref then                            ▷ Minimum memorization threshold not reached
         Srefined ← Srefined \ Slayer                     ▷ Remove neurons of layer l from neuron set
     end if
  end for

  // Check all remaining candidate neurons individually
  for l ∈ {1, . . . , L} do                                        ▷ Iterate over each remaining layer
      Slayer ← get_neurons_in_layer(Srefined , l)               ▷ Get the neurons in the current layer l

      for n ∈ Slayer do
          Sneurons ← Srefined \ {n}                ▷ Compute set of neurons without neuron n
          ∆blocked ← get_noise_diff(y, Sneurons )                ▷ Compute noise differences
          mem ← compute_memorization(∆unblocked , ∆blocked )  ▷ Compute mem. score (SSIM)

         if mem < τmem_ref then                        ▷ Minimum memorization threshold not reached
             Srefined ← Srefined \ {n}                            ▷ Remove current neuron from set
         end if
     end for
  end for

  return Srefined                                        ▷ Return refined set of memorization neurons




                                                  36
