Okay, so we can get started. So again, hello everyone. My name is Adam Jit >> and I'm Francis Gabes. >> And today we have a pleasure to inform you more about our European Championship in Warso that is taking place this coming weekend, weekend on May 9th and May 10th. And then this is actually our Polish edition of this championship. First of all, a bit about us. So who we are, who are the people behind this championship. So how I describe myself is that um I am a researcher who travels the world to work on the for forefront of AI research. So in my case, I did my PhD in the US at the University of Chicago. I also work at Google and Microsoft and an investment bank in London and uh many more institutions. Similar to Francisco, >> I also uh do research on artificial intelligence and I obtained my PhD in Berlin and have conducted research stays all around the world for example in Taiwan in the Netherlands and I did my posttock in Toronto at the Vector Institute for deep learning and AI as well. There is another question if the recording will be shared afterwards. Yes, we'll share actually this uh via YouTube and we also share the link on discord. >> All right. And also to talk more about the institution where we currently work. Um, CISPA is a research center in western Germany and we work on very exciting topics at the edge of machine learning and security and our location is somewhere between Frankfurt and Paris and we are a very international community here with roughly 700 employees from 66 different nations and we have currently more than 40 faculty who do research on different topics. And what we're extremely proud of at CISPER is that we do not only do research but we do research extremely well. Namely, if you look into CS ranking, which is the standard ranking for computer science, and you look for the categories on cyber security, then you will find that CISPA is the number one in the world. So our research here is like better ranked than any of the elite universities and uh yeah therefore we are extremely proud and at this institute Adam and I we co-lead a lab which is called the sprint ML lab which works on different topics on secure private robust interpretable and trustworthy machine learning that's why we call us the sprint ML lab and we have roughly 20 members counting our PhD students postocs our research interns and students who work with us for their thesis We're also pretty international and you're going to meet many of our students during the hackathon as they will be there to assist you while solving the tasks. So now let us tell tell you more about the event in Warso. Actually this is the sixth edition of this championships our so-called local hub. So we already went to five other different locations. So for example, we went to Paris, um, Vienna, Stockholm, Munich, Barcelona, and now is time for Warso. And actually, this is the sixth um regional round of this championship and the last one before the grand finale, which will be at Cispa in July next year. So also regarding uh this um um final goal, so what are the awards for this uh championship? So the top three teams advance to the grand finale at Cispa in July and we sponsor for these top three teams from each location including Warso to travel to this grand finale. And then for the teams at the grand finale we also have additional prices. So, the first um place will receive €4,000, second place €2,000, third place uh €1,200, and runner ups, all the teams actually will receive €400. >> So, if you manage to be at the top three teams in Warso, then you already won basically >> and then you can also compete further in the final at CISPA in July. So, what about this specific 24-hour hackathon championship in Warso? This is the plan for our event. So, we start on Saturday, this Saturday, May 9th. And we have registration for you at um starting at 11:00 a.m. So, please come. You can also um get to know us more. We'll also provide you some snacks, drinks so that you will never get hungry. And then at 12 we'll start our opening plenary session with information about the tasks that you will be working on during the hackathon. You can already review that there are three tasks during the hackathon. And then at 12:30 after we announce these tasks and tell you more about the competition, the hackathon the whole event really begins. So you can then start thinking about how to solve the tasks. you can start um planning how to code and then um once you do all of that at uh 5:00 pm we will have dinner delivered for you and then father will um stay for the whole night at the location to code to hack and to work on these tasks. So this will be the whole night endeavor and then after the whole night at at 8:00 a.m. in the morning there will be also breakfast delivered and we will further um work on these tasks until 12:30 when the hackathon ends and we'll have lunch delivered. Then at 1:30 p.m. we'll ask for the presentations from the best six teams from the hackathon. And then those teams will present the solutions to the tasks. How they they will show to all of us how they solved the tasks. And then how it really uh works is that um every team will have uh six minutes to present per each task two minute uh short presentation how they solved their tasks. >> Yeah. After the presentations that are given by you at 2:30 p.m. the jury, the technical staff, the SISPA experts will all meet to uh determine the winners of the hackathon. And then at 3 p.m. we'll announce the results and we have also the award ceremony for all of you to um like u basically receive the awards and then the three best teams will also advance to the grand finale at CPA in July and um if you haven't done so yet then please join our discord server. So over there we have all the information for you regarding also the initial information about the tasks like the materials that are actually uh for you recommended to uh read through before the hackathon also will have information during the hackathon regarding the tasks themselves regarding the access to GPUs and other information. So this is our kind of hub for communication before and during the event. So if you haven't done so, please join our discord channel which is uh here. The link is at the bottom of this u of this uh slide. Okay. So now it's interesting um for you how will really work with you during the hackathon. So we have this u scoreboard uh that uh actually shows for each team how well they perform. So we have per tasks. We have here three tasks. We show what is your score per a given task per team. So you can find out how you perform compared to the other teams at this hackathon in Warso. So you can see per task one, two, three, where are you placed in this um in this position on the scoreboard and also we have the overall ranking that aggregates the scores across the three tasks. And then you can see where the team overall in the whole ranking from the free tasks performs. So this is the overall um information about the hackathon. And then if you have any questions, please either you can also unmute yourself and potentially switch on your camera or you can also ask the question in the chat and we'll moderate the discussion. So, are there any questions regarding this first part, the overview of the hackathon? I think that we don't have any questions yet. Okay, great. So, we can move on to the next part. So, now we'll start the technical part. So, this is uh information for you to better prepare for the event. So here we'll give you the background about the AI and security and the works the work that we do at CISPA about our research and this is really great starting point for you to think more about these topics and also then potentially read the papers that we also present here or that we sent to you on discord and this really really helps a lot to prepare for the event. Okay. So current leading generative models such as GPT, Gemini, CL and LMA they are trained on large amount of data which is very diverse. And actually this data used for training of these models. They include news articles, pieces of music, books, code, images and much more. The scale and diversity make modern generative AI so powerful. They enable these models to generate highquality content from complex text to photorealistic images. But these capabilities also create profound risks. First, our research showed that generative models memorize their training data and then regenerate thousands of training samples verbatim. The models are also able to memorize entire books, images or songs. This problem led to more than 60 lawsuits on the illegitimate use of copyrighted data for training which u also resulted in claims of over 90 billion euros. Second, generated content is exploited to produce misinformation and fake news at scale, which undermines our democratic processes. Finally, generative AI creates data loops. Content produced by the models is shared online, then scraped and reused to train the next generation of models. In the long run, these data loops degrade the quality of models. Specifically, they amplify harmful biases from earlier model versions and carry them to new models. All of these risks point to the same scientific challenge, data provenence for generative AI. We need to know where data comes from and how it is used. Our solution is to build a data provenence framework for generative AI. The overarching goal is to identify what data was used to train generative models such as books or videos. Then to distinguish between human created and AI generated content and trace where the generated data is used. Our ambition is to provide strong statistical guarantees so that the data provenance becomes not only possible but scientifically rigorous and enforceable and this is highly highly timely since the EU AI act comes into effect on August 2nd 2028 and this requires transparency for generative AI. Our goal is to provide exactly this missing scientific foundation. Achieving these goals requires addressing three fundamental scientific questions. In the first part, we focus on the inputs to generative models. Here the question is how can we identify and prove whether a given data set was used to train a generative model. In the second part during model training the question is how can we formally define and quantify memorization. Here the goal is to control the memorization during training. The model should not memorize individual samples like whole books or images but the models should learn general patterns. And the question in the third part of the on the output side is how can we persistently mark generated data to identify the data and prevents its used in the training of the new models. Let us start with the first part data identification. In our research, we showed that identifying if a single data point like a sentence or an image was in the model's training set is impossible. This is because big generative models are trained on large amount of data and the signal from a single data point is too weak. but also in the real world. A writer does not want to detect if a single sentence from their book was used to train a model, but rather the writer would like to find out if his or her whole book was in the model's training set. Our research showed that we can detect if a data set such as a whole book or video was in the model's training set since in this case the signal is strong enough. So how does the method work? The LLM inference method consists of four stages. Let me walk you through this uh one by one. So here a victim approaches an LLM provider who owns this suspect LLM. The victim's data consists of the suspect and held out sets. The held out set is guaranteed as not used to train the suspect model. For example, it can be draft of articles. For example, if an author wrote a book, probably the author has some drafts of this book. So, actually this drafts can serve as the held out set. And also, it's important that the held out set comes from the same distribution as the suspect sets and both sets are also divided into non-over overlapping splits partitions A and B. Then a victim for example a author of a book claims that the suspect set of a data of this data points from split A and B. So this suspect set was used to train the given. In the second stage of this uh process we extract membership features. So the a splits from the suspect and held out sets are passed through the LLM to obtain their features and these are the scores generated from various membership inference methods for LLMs. So these features can be for example in the simple terms uh something like the loss of the from the model on a given input. In the first stage, we learn correlations between features and their membership status. So, we train a scoring model using the extracted features and assign label zero to suspect features and label one to the held out features. The goal is to identify useful membership features for a given model and data set. In the last fourth stage, we perform the final data set inference. We use the B splits of the suspect and held out sets perform this member difference attacks on them for the suspect LM to obtain the features. Then the obtained features are aggregated into this confidence scores using the previously trained scoring model and actually then we apply statistical test on these obtained scores. For the suspect data points that are members, their confidence scores are significantly closer to zero than for the the non-member data points for which the expected scores should be closer to one. And then finally we take into account the B splits from the uh from the uh held out and suspect sets. So we take these uh features and then we perform the all the previous stages to arrive at the final decision. So here we run a SQL test on the scores from the suspect and held out sets. And then what is the intuition here is that if the scores are much different from the suspect and held out sets then actually we uh decide that with high probability this um suspect set was used to train the given LM. we call this data set a member. And then otherwise if these scores are similar, so the scores for the suspect features and held out features are roughly the same, then we have the decision that probably with high probability this given suspect set was not used to train a given model. Now what we really want is um something more. So our research goes far beyond this initial result. Generative models not only use data sets for training but they sorry they also they also generate new data sets like articles or videos and really our goal in our research is to unify the identification of both training data sets and generated data sets. So in both cases we need to identify specific features that form a signature of these data sets. And our new data set inference method uh aims at uh providing statistically significant provenence guarantees. So are there any questions regarding this uh first part about how to identify what data sets were used to train a given model? seems to be that uh nobody has any question. Okay. If not then we can move on to the second part of the info session which is about data memorization. As Adam already mentioned at the beginning, generative models these days achieve impressive performance in generating images and text and videos. Here you can see some images that are generated with the state-of-the-art image generators. The problem is now though that the models to generate such data, they need to be trained on horrendous amounts of data from each and every one of us. And this data then is in the models in some way or the other. and especially some data points can be memorized by the models. Adam already mentioned it, but I just want to give some more concrete examples. We have probably all seen recently that there is so much going on in the news about what it actually means when those models memorize and then generate some copyrighted content. And there are dozens of lawsuits between artists and media houses against these model providers. So what it really means for a model to memorize is that we give it some training image. For example, here this image of the cat and the prompt an image of a cat in the office. And it has been actually shown by researchers that if we now give a similar prompt, for example, a cat in the office, then if the model memorizes the data point, it might be able to verbatim generate this data point. And this of course can be not only a risk for privacy of the individual whose data is concerned but also for copyright. Now in this setup it's relatively simple I would still argue namely you have a data set and you train the model on it. Um it's like one it's a single simple go and we kind of understand this input output relationship better. But it gets more fundamental because the foundation models that we operate with these days, they are not only trained on a single data set in one go, but they instead trained on a whole pipeline. So just to give you some overview on large multimodel models, they undergo a very complex training procedure where we start with an LLM that is just pre-trained on text. So it's a pure language model. But then we further add some text instructions. We fine-tune the model more on vision pre-training on speech pre-training and then have some additional multimodel adaption. And after all of these steps, the model will be a large multimodel model. And now, as you can imagine, the text that we need or the the images or the speech that we need for all of these stages can be very diverse. For example, we can insert some stories, some dialogues, images, audios, and some Q&A into the different stages for the model to perform well on their tasks. But the problem is now that not only in a single data set, but in each and every stage here, we can introduce personal identifiable information. There can be names or email addresses in the text stories. There can be some private information in the dialogues. We can have some personal identifiers inside images and the text that people speak or the audio can have some sensitive information spoken by the individual. And now the problem is that if some of this information got into the model and even if we query the model after all these stages and ask it for example to complete send as my phone number is then it might output the same sensitive information and this then of course becomes a privacy risk. So now there is some more theory on how we can define what is really memorized and the simplest theory here comes from this paper on extracting training data from large language models and there the mention is that we have some form of prefix that can be here the first part of the sentence for example my phone number is and then a suffix and we then give the prefix to the LLM and if it's able to complete that s the suffix correctly then we say the data is memorized here. In our case, if we ask the model to complete the sentence, my phone number is and it correctly gives us the right phone number, then it must have memorize that and outputting the phone number will be a privacy breach. Now, with this definition, there is still some caveats because if we choose the prefix too small, then the model won't be able to continue. So, we won't be able to really measure the memorization. And if the prefix is too large, then it's kind of trivial because everything has narrowed down already so much. We nearly already forced the model to output this information. Um, it's kind of like copying. So ultimately, and this is what you also I think can can research already before the the the hackathon is really how to get the model to output its memorized information and what to input and then how to measure that. >> Okay. Are there any questions regarding the memorization part? Okay. So if there are no more questions so then we can move on to the uh third part of this um of this uh talk which is about outputs from generative models and here our focus is on how can we really identify what data was produced by the generative models. So here one of the um one of the flagship solutions is watermarking. So we watermark the outputs from the models then to be able to find out that a given text is uh or image is generated. So let me tell you more about uh how can we watermark the outputs and here in this case we'll focus on large language models. So first a very very short primer on how LMS generate text. So that they generate text in the so-called auto reggressive manner which is like this. So we give to the LLM the first word which is this and the LLM generates the next word which is is and actually we append this um word is and the second token to the first token and then we have this whole prefix to the LM given this is and then the LM internally actually has a vocabulary. This is a large number of possible tokens that uh the LM can generate given the prefix. So here for each um token in the vocabulary we have assigned probability. So LLM before outputting the next token has this assignment of probabilities to the all the tokens in the vocabulary. And in this case since uh token fine has the highest probability actually the model would in this case if it's a greedy uh decoding would just uh return the word fine. So overall in greeding the greeting prediction the lm would predict the token which also has the highest probability. Now how can we really watermark these uh outputs from the large language models? So it is uh internally done in so-called red green manner. So we divide the vocabulary into the red and the green list of tokens. And usually we do that actually at random. So for the next uh token that we want to predict before we generate the token we first um we first divide this uh vocabulary randomly into the roughly equal number of uh red and green tokens. So if the text is uh clear meaning nonwatermarked then actually we should uh in the output of the given of the given algorithm for watermark detection get that in this text there are roughly the same number of u green and red tokens. However, if the text is watermark, then I should expect in this text that there are more green tokens than the red tokens. Now, there are actually examples of the text which is actually colorcoded. So, we here uh for the red we just um um code that this actually are the tokens from the red list and in green the tokens from the green list. So if the tech text is no watermark, so no watermark added to the text during generation, which is the top part of this uh of this image, we see that there is roughly same number of uh this green and red tokens. However, if the text is watermarked in the bottom part, so with watermark, we observe that most of these tokens in this text are actually green tokens and there can be also a few red tokens. So this is also happening because we don't want to force LLM to always generate only the green tokens because we want to preserve the quality of the text. Now you can also see here that um I'm going back to this example with different probabilities. So in this case the token fine would be in the red list, token great in the green list and token nice in the red list. So normally if you would just do greedy decoding, we would output the token fine. However, here because the token fine is in the red list, we wouldn't like to output this token, but we would like to instead output the token grade. So, in this case, we would output the token grade. Now, let me give you um more deep dive into how do we really generate this uh watermark tokens. So, here is the algorithm from this uh famous paper about red green watermarking for large language models. So we're given as input to this algorithm, some prompt, some initial text and then these tokens that are given as a prefix for the model. We have then a for loop. So we then in the for loop generate the next tokens one by one. So this is basically this next token prediction. So now in a first step we uh we give them to the LLM this uh tokens the prefix the input and then the uh model outputs the probability vector over the vocabulary. So for each token that the model can predict we have the probability. So as we saw in the previous example now for the second step what's happening is that we compute a hash of the previous token can be also the window can be varied so it can be the very last token can be a few more tokens and then use this as a seed for a random number generator and we need that to actually split this vocabulary into this two lists. So the red and the green lists. Now once we have this um uh red and green lists then actually we sample the next tokens and here in this case we have hard um hard rule that we only sample from the uh list G which is the green token list but in a in a standard way here how we do that is we slightly notch the LLM to uh prefer to give high probabilities to the tokens from the uh green list than from the red So now once we output this watermark text the next question is how can we how can we detect if a given text is watermarked or not. So to do that we perform statistical testing and here we test if number of the green tokens in this uh text is um significantly higher than the number of the red tokens. So if the um text is indeed watermarked then you will observe as the previous examples most of these tokens being green the text is non watermark so there is uh no sign of any watermarking the text is clean and we have roughly from this algorithm same number of green and uh and red tokens. Okay, so actually this concludes our technical part the information about the background that uh is also useful for you for the for the event itself. So are there any questions regarding data identification, data memorization or data watermarking? Okay, apparently there are no questions. Everything is crystal clear. Okay, so we're going to I think move on to the next part. Okay, the next part is about compute infrastructure. So here during the event, you will also use GPUs. So if you really want to solve this tasks, then you you have to basically use this uh GPU hardware to be able to for example like train some models or do some inference on large models. So uh the Uli research center in Germany provides us with this powerful compute infrastructure. So we have at our disposal many GPUs. So during the the event for the main jobs we expect that all of you should be able to access 800 GPUs. So how to get started with this GPU infrastructure? You have to first register at ULIS. So I also sent quite many times already a few links. So please uh follow these links and then register for our event with this ulish cluster and then you also have to accept multiffactor authentication. So for that I usually use u Google authenticator but you can use any tool that you prefer. So this is just to enable this u multiffactor authentication. Then just sign the user agreement. This is just to make sure that during hackathon you work on this task. So use GPUs to um to solve the tasks from our hackathon and then also you have to manage your SSH keys. So if you have one already and you want to use it then you can just um simply uh cut. So meaning that you can just you can just uh find your SSH key show it and then just copy that over there the public one. If you don't have SSH key or you want to use a new one, just generate a new SSH key. And then these are just standard things to do at Ulis cluster. So also it gives you IP addresses from which you will be accessing this uh GPUs. So here I just tell you just copy these IP addresses from the window that actually shows all of them this additional public key options. So here is important point is that if you are now working on a VPN then please uh do that by all means potentially if you come to the venue on the day of the of the hackathon then you might redo that to just make sure that you have the IP addresses from where you query this um ulish center. Okay so some of you already applied and then I gave them access to this cluster. So if you apply you have to be a bit uh patient. So it takes up to 15 minutes to update our servers and also for me to click on that. Uh but once it is done that uh you should be able to um access the GPUs. So how to connect to the UI login node? So this is the starting point. So you just SSH you can specify which SSH key you use and then you just uh uh type your login and the specific address for your list. Now how to do development during the event. So here what we usually recommend is to use uh visual studio code but uh feel free to use any tool that you prefer. Here most of our participants most of our students also as well they usually use u v studio code. So we here just give a couple of slides to show you how you can leverage this tool during our event. So first thing first configure SSH hosts. So here you have to just um add a new um SSH host which is Uli login node. So you just u select the SSH SSH configuration file can be for example SSH config. In this config you have to just copy paste these values. So here you just specified host as being hish the host name username change to your username ident identify is your SSH key public key path sorry private key actually path and also you have to if you are Windows user and also use this um Mac s so this actually something that will enable you um effortlessly to connect from Windows machines to this UI center okay once you added uh this uh node for URI You just then select which note you want to connect to. In this case, you want to connect to this ULIS node and then you are there. So you are now connected to uh UI center. You can start a new terminal. Then in the terminal you have to also activate the project. So usually there are comments such as jutil and activate -p training and in our case it is 2615. So this has to be updated and you also have some comments how to access your project for the whole hackathon. You can also access your and create and access your uh specific uh folders and files. And then for managing all the Python packages, we actually recommend using UV. So this is a tool which is blazingly fast can download the packages uh and easily seamlessly um install all of that and you can in no time run any project. So please if you okay if I can recommend something then please use UV and then if you also want to configure that fully to use um effectively during the hackathon copy paste this uh free lines to your bash rc file and then there's additional commands for the terminal so you can just initialize the project so u init uh -p you specify then python version you can add specific packages and also activate the environment using just standard source. Okay. And then what's so important is that during the hackathon you have to create a submission script which is a bar script and actually this is script that enables you to really execute the uh batch job on a cluster. So here you can um as a first step you can copy paste this uh script. You have to just change training to be training 2615 for us for the war. So you also have specific partition for this hackathon which is DCGPU. This actually will ensure that you can use the 800 GPUs and then you also have to just specify your environment and then execute the Python file that uh is uh the source of the solution for the given task. Now you have to submit the script. So you just use sbatch main.sh. This will enable you to submit the batch job to the cluster with this u many 800 GPUs and then you are really ready to use the GPUs. So you have um access per node to like 4 800 GPUs. So uh for sure during hackathon there will be no problem for you to have enough resources to work on these tasks. Okay. So this was about compute and the whole infrastructure. So we covered the general information about the hackathon. We covered the knowledge that it's recommended for you to acquire before the event and also the GPUs that you will be using during the event. So are there any questions about any of these parts? You can either also write the uh question in the chat if you want. If you want you can also unmute yourself and just ask the question and we are here to um help you and uh hope that you can also enjoy the whole event. So we'll wait a few a few minutes. Okay. So there is a question. Could you please clarify the policy on AI coding assistance during the hackathon? Are tools like GitHub, Copilot, CHGPT, cursor, cloud code or similar LM based coding tools allowed for generating code, debugging, documentation or architecture suggestions? If they are allowed, should the teams disclose their use in the final submission or presentation? Thank you for this question. I think it's very important. So actually what we think is that we see this great development of large language models of generative models in general and uh I think that uh overall this is a progress. So from our perspective what we would like you to understand is this research behind uh behind uh the uh task. So we really would like you to focus on this uh knowledge. So we really want you to learn about these topics. This is our main goal. If using this u tools like cloud, open AI API, codeex or anything like that helps you by all means please use them. Also we would really appreciate if you would also tell us more how you were able to like efficiently or effectively use these tools to solve the tasks. This is something that also we appreciate and um nowadays also you need research people people search for new problems or even solutions using these tools. So by all means you can use these tools but also we would like to um ensure that you understand these topics that you are working on. So one thing is to use the tool other thing is to understand how the tool really generates these answers or if the answers are correct or if they are they are giving you really something that is of value to solve the given task. >> And how this will reflect in the final rating is that we have this presentation and it happened that people presented their solutions. the solutions achieved a good score but then the team was not aware of what they were doing and of course then they have been ranked down for the final solution so they eventually did not make it to the top three teams so ultimately it's really important as Adam said to understand and to be able to transmit how the solution was achieved >> okay great >> the next question is on how the submissions work and how that usually works is that we present you with some code For example submissions, we have programmed an API and each team gets some token and this token allows you to access our API. Usually within this API, the submissions depending on the tasks are just simple files that can be for example a CSV file. If your task was for example to classify images between like class one and class two, then the CSV file could be formatted that the first row column would be the name of the file and the second column would be like one or two. And then our API would evaluate that. In terms of how many submissions are allowed, we usually have some cool down between submissions. So when you basically submit a solution then you cannot immediately submit another one. But usually there is a 5m minute cool down time. This is just to avoid that people kind of reward hack this scoreboard and it's also to avoid that basically people run some form of dos attacks against the scoreboard such it becomes unavailable for everyone. So you have this 5 minutes cool down. However, there's a diff like a difference if you have a failed submission. For example, if your file is mal formatted or something like that. So it was just an error and you have not been evaluated. Then usually the cool down is shorter and can be down to only 2 minutes for example. >> Mhm. So does this answer clarify the question regarding the submissions during the hackathon? Okay, I think that's probably yes. If not, please uh speak up or you can send us another message to the chat. There was another question. So, a person has just wrote that um they just submitted a request today to join a project using training 2615 as the project ID on Ulish. How long could I could it take until the person can be granted access? So how it works is that um once you submit this um request then actually I get a notification that I should accept you. So it might take me usually I try to do it um uh very fast. So once you submit that in within depends depending if I am on my laptop a few minutes I'm there and I accept you. If not you might work might wait a bit a bit longer up to few hours but it is usually very fast. And then once I accept your request then actually uh you have to wait usually less than uh 15 minutes just to uh make sure that our servers are updated. So it should not be too long before you will be able to access uh this uh ulish infrastructure. So I think that what we described um in one of the slides. So yeah, once you log in, okay, once you register, yeah, I think that this was yes, here. So you once I accept your request, you have to wait up to uh 15 minutes to get access to these GPUs and then access the login nodes. Okay, I hope that this clarifies the question regarding the UI infrastructure. Okay, great. Thank you for the confirmation. And then there is another question for the data set. Is there any rule on data set? For example, using data from uh the outside. So there are no rules. So if you want to use any data set that we haven't provided, by all means you can use them. So um here it's u up to you if a given data set would help you to solve the task. If in any chance if by any chance it is something that um um enables you to let's say solve the task faster by all means you should do that and of course like we also actually provide links to some data sets usually via hugging phase also actually we upload our data sets to Ulis so you can download that from either sources and if you have your own data set or you want to use another data it's it's up to you to do that so no problem with that. The next question is a question on the link not working. Um, we did have this in the past. Usually what fixed this problem was to just use a different browser. For example, use Chrome and then try a different email address. And this has in the past always solved the problem. >> Mhm. Maybe what is worth mentioning is that usually um, ULIS recommends using the uh, university or institution email addresses. So for example many of people who already got access they use addresses from uh Warso University or also of technology also from uh also from other universities in Poland. So please uh use your university address and then usually there is no problem. In my case I use Firefox. There are no issues. People use uh Chrome no problem. I think that um I think that if you have any issues then please potentially contact us on discord and even send to me direct message and we can try to debug that but there were usually not many issues with that. >> Also Julie has the direct help basically you can just drop a message maybe get registered. That's maybe the best approach to just u um contact directly UI support and then explain to them that you are uh joining this project training 2615 for the hackathon in Warso and I think that they will be also more than happy to assist you with this problem. Okay. Mhm. Thank you for all the questions. Okay, I think that's um >> looks like we do not have further questions, but all the questions can still be asked on Discord until the event itself. And one thing that is also worth noting probably is that if you do not have a team yet, um, Discord can also be your perfect place to find some teammates because usually what we recommend to people is to usually to participate in teams of three or four people just to have enough work power to really solve all the tasks. So if you're a team of two people or if you do not have a team at all then just use discord to find some teammates and then you can eventually just register as a full team. And one other thing is that also teams are not allowed to collaborate. So every team should have their individual solutions for the hackathon. >> There is one more question uh what is provided at the start data model checkpoints. Yes. So during the hackathon also we announce the free tasks. We provide the description of the task. So there's a PDF for each task with very detailed explanation how to solve the task. If the task also requires you to access some model for example some LLM we also give um either links to the checkpoints but also usually actually we even put the whole model if it's open source model um either on Uli infrastructure. So you can also directly even copy paste to your folder or we can also we also provide um link to our hugging phase where we also uh store our data and model. So there is no no issue with um access to data or models during the during the hackathon. Everything is provided in at least uh two sometimes even three places. So if one would fail let's say hugging phase you can always copy paste this uh model checkpoint or data from urish. So usually there is no problem with that. The next question is on the rooms and here it will be like that that we have several nice co-working spaces. So multiple teams will share one room together and on the day itself you will learn basically what is your team number after the registration and then every team gets one of these tables assigned. So you will have all of this information on the day itself. >> Mhm. So regarding organizations also we have a big uh classroom like an hour where we also announce the tasks. So this is a standard big room for like 200 people. So um after the announcement of tasks also presentations then you will also be assigned to this specific um desks. So there are asa mentioned just co-working rooms. So there are a few bigger rooms where um handful of teams, a couple of teams can also share this uh space together. Okay, I think we have good timing. There is u five minutes left. So we can still like wait here if there are any questions. Um if you still have some questions please um share with us and uh if not then we will slowly finish uh as planned by 6 p.m. >> And I'm also happy to see that the problem with the link that's not working seems to be resolved. I just accepted the request from the person who said they couldn't join. So great that this worked immediately out. there is always some delay. So, um if you apply with your university or institution or company email address, usually it's easier for us to verify and then we can immediately accept you. H there's al another question um how how do you fetch the project ID or does someone from our team has to create it uh so project ID I'm not sure what is meant here but um I suppose maybe team ID so team ID will be assigned to you during the hackathon so you cannot really fetch it as of now this will be distributed at the event itself. So usually we send the email to the uh lead of the given team. So it's also good if you indicate who is the who is the um lead of the team and then uh this uh team ids actually are sent to the uh to the teams to the email addresses of the team leads and then project ID. So actually the tasks they have their ideas but all of that you will learn during the hackathon at the very beginning when we announce the tasks we also share the documents that um describe step by step um what is expected what is the task so I think at this point you don't have to fetch any any IDs if it's about project ID for ulish the project ID is training um 2615 >> that's the same for everyone and this is just basically given. >> Yes. >> Okay. Let us there are few more questions. So will a recording of today's meeting be uploaded somewhere. I joined a bit late and would like to catch up. Yes. So um we already mentioned but let me repeat. So this um session actually is recorded and after the session we'll also upload this uh recording to YouTube and then we will share the link to YouTube on discord >> also the slides PDF will be shared on discord. >> Yes also the slides so that you can um copy paste the comments for example and uh then it's easy for you to start working on preparing for the hackathon. So this is great that you already want to do it now. I think this is really worth doing that now so that once you come to the hackathon on Saturday you will just uh hit the ground running and you'll be ready to just u fully focus on how to solve the tasks. So also we recommend you that also we send this um links to the papers that we recommend reading. So these are papers that also cover in uh more detail all the topics we discussed today. So please uh if you still have a few days and you would like to learn more about these topics then please please uh check out these papers. I think they're really great source of um learning more about u AI how to make AI safer um more secure more trustworthy. Mhm. Okay, I think we reached time and it looks like we also reached the end of questions. So, thanks everyone for having been here and looking much forward to seeing you on the weekend. >> Okay, thank you and see you on Saturday. >> Bye. >> Bye. >> Bye. Thank you. >> Thank you.